Round One
GJONAJ
Besides politics.. y’all wanna know why the layoff?

Well it’s hard for Dracula to reflect on the days he had to take off

and still Count the bodies that he ate off.

Oh, you revamp lines. Bitch besides that it’s the same flips,

I mean, left and right, it’s the same twitch;

you try to convince us the bars are different, but it’s the same shit.

You don’t shoot handgun after handgun,

you shoot hand gun, after hand gun, after hand gun,

bitch I grip the blade, (’s gon) be another fight that you ran from.

Wait, that’s a personal. Grip the blade, Sco, ‘nother fight that you ran from?

None of this is random,

I’ll lose my shit before I lose this shit, fist or shank, choose it quick,

but if you don’t pick and choose, I’ll choose the pick.

I’m super slick, but if you don’t get what I say,

he’ll get a bullet in his fuckin head,

it’s like that song by Chicago, he’ll be Dying In Your Arms Tonight,

It Must Have Been Something You Said.

I’ll leave him with PTSD, so pop a couple of meds,

turn on your night light, check under the bed.

Fans spent their whole life-supporting your flat lines

but it’s tough when you’re dead.

So instead, let’s exume the body.

Bring it back. Bruise the body.

You can see I threw hands. Illuminati.

(You can see eye through hands — Illuminati.)

Wait that may-send(mason) the wrong message, but who cares,

you punch reckless, you swing to swing with no connection and no connections.

Bitch I can do that too. And hit em harder because I’m smarter,

just say some shit like, “I’m a pistol sparker,

this can, sprays kin or came back, wait til it’s a little darker,

then pop up with one arm and take half his stash, that’s Hitler’s barber.

See, that’s just a better version of his shit. Yea, it sounds cold,

but why would I take half though?

Bro I can make a “complex” indirect bar about anything,

I’ll mention Christmas, like, “I’m right outside, I don’t care,-I’ll(carol) let it sing,

Santa Claus at a cemetery — what’s that mean?

Get Rudolph, rip, I’ll pull and slay(sleigh) everything.”

But you can’t do what I do. See I’m a dual threat,

I mean from this point on, everything you do’ll remind you of death.

Duel threat? Notice I didn’t say do will, I said do’ll again,

but it’s a different type of duel I had to build to.

Cuz I had to take ten steps back, just to wait my turn and kill you.

Bullets through your jacket.

Blood everywhere, the shit’s disgusting,

nothing but red coats. Ambulance dispatch is like

“the British are coming, the British are coming,”

this is a revolution. I’m Revered and <stutter> feared;

those scared of change are truly panicking,

but if y’all don’t see the light, I’m through with battling,

selling hookers or doing drive-bys, either way I’m human trafficking,

this is no accident,

I ain’t here to dwell on the past about how you didn’t do well in the past,

I’m here to fill in the facts, I’m killin him bad,

cameraman, you remind me of that weirdo from American beauty,

you gon spend this whole time filming a bag,

and you got two legs in like a sack race,

open your last days, what’s my rap name? My last name,

get used to it.

You will not prevail, you don’t got a shot in hell,

and tell these fuckin leagues my free will is not for sale. Early.

BORN
I said Born vs Gjonaj. The contract sent, I ain’t say a thang.

You was dead, soon as they signed an address (signin a dress) like Vera Wang.

Think The Hundreds. 2 guns, bomb on your shirt, cuz a pair ‘ll (apparel) bang,

get his head wrapped and buried in the sand, nigga. That’s a racial slang.

Should’ve been patient, lame. Now Gjonaj’s the patient’s name.

I’m a Damon Wayans —

A knife was the last thing you and your dogs seen; it was Major Payne.

We ain’t the same. I put in work in the streets, B;

dodgin police, tryna skirt on a DT,

so y’all think he really put work in to beat me?

Nigga I took the Gutta life worse than your P.G.

But we could throw the hands, you think it’s worth it to sneak me,

you’ll be losin grip with your soul(sole), you cheap searching for cheap sneaks.

My best defense in the club is reach for the steel(steal), he’ get hurt off a G.P.,

oh, see these(CDs) get organ, eyes, it’s a personal neat freak.

Believe me, the gun got a hair trigger. I could barely squeeze it,

snitch, I’ spill this pig’s blood all over this bitch, he’ get the Carrie treatment.

They love this nigga. Why? He be doin’ Hail Mary reaches:

Out-rhyme a don - out-Ramadan?

Well it might not be that much of a stretch,

cuz when they give him plates, he be rarely eatin’.

I’m prepared to beat him, it’s Bar Wars, I look around like “who’s who”,

peep this scheme, street niggas I’m with too lewd,

run in his Animal House and on cam I’ll use a Desert on this dune coon,

fuck the mic. Murderers step on the scene and air a goon room.

I move through. Tool shoot. This bitch get a red head when it fuckin Rain — Nunu;

or I’m outside on line with clips — Hulu;

get animated, dog, and I’m drawin the Macs — Goof Troop.

The bird pop out to clock niggas if they’re cuckoo.

By the way, tell that dancer stay on his toes,

it’s double trouble, a pair ‘ll wet (pirouette) him with the .22(tutu). (Woo!)

I got some screws loose, that’s why the violence shown,

we in survival mode, shoulda knew I’d whip you for the cash like a title loan,

this A-rab try and pose, I’ll fire chrome, they brought a lad in (Aladdin), so,

for all that Jazz, men(Jasmine) brains flying on the carpet..

now you can feel right at home.

I’m tryna start a riot though. But being ops on his resume.

You’d be more(B-more) likely to break your spine for the cops like Freddie Gray.

Nigga bein pussy ain’t nothin to celebrate,

pull a weapon later, he gon eat the butt of this bitch like Kevin Gates.

Set a date. Then I’m signin on the dotted line.

Lord to Allah, I got this bitch covered like Islamic pride,

plus I’m always strapped with this Glock of mine,

nigga it’s nothin funny bout this clip, it is not a Vine.

If your man rolled, you’d watch a core vet go from 0 to 100 like the Autobahn.

Dumping off nines for practice out the van like soccer moms.

You gotta die. On some real shit, you gettin killed, bitch,

one round down, you got two more to deal with.

Round Two
GJONAJ
Let’s take a walk through a guilty conscience.

But don’t judge due to lack of admission,

I have all the talent in the fucking world. But I lack the ambition.

The author of Frankenstein wrote,

“Of the danger of he who aspires to be greater than his nature will allow”,

which is fitting. ‘cause I’m a monster, man-made,

disrespected amongst these fake fucks,

and it’s funny ‘cause these dead bodies are my genetic make-up.

I was created from a series of alchemy treatments,

now I’m the next motherfucker you see Alchemist tweetin’.

What up Alc? I need a beat. Little bo no peep,

how could a shepherd with no cane be mad at the sheep?

‘cause where is it leading?

What good were those double meanings if they have no actual meanings?

You punch for nothing. Stop the shit.

This ain’t about bars, this is House of Cards;

I’m Kevin Spacey, I’m killing people over politics.

And I told you I should be left alone.

You fell for the trap they set you on,

I was cement shoes disguised as a stepping stone.

Now walk on water. You get it yet?

I’m a breath of fresh air, was that too indirect?

You need me to live.

Fuck torture; I walk on hot coals smoking a cigarette,

mocking your silhouette,

you’re a shadow of a shadow of a man

who got goaded into being a sacrificial lamb,

and now you’re gettin slaughtered, and all of em have to witness it;

so what if he has to die, when I’m the one who has to live with it?

What a shame. He tried to altar his image in six minutes,

and now he’s on the altar, there’s a big difference.

He still doesn’t get it. I will. Not. Lose.

Look in my eyes. That pain and violence, insane asylum.

I’d rather be against the ropes than hang inside em.

Upholding a legacy,

but still watchin out for Judas ‘cause loyalty’s sold separately,

these new friends are looking like old enemies,

but as soon as your name buzzing they come back like… old memories.

My craft is Minecraft: so how I control the building?

It’s fucked up when every you know’s(nose) crooked like Owen Wilson.

So when I’m done, please cut the check, I don’t need the respect,

you never drug shit, that’s the placebo effect.

Why sugar coat it?

Fuck the book and who wrote it, I noticed you say shit for the fuck of it.

I had enough of it.

You leave a message after the tone; I leave a message because of it.

Born, I’m killing you and they’re lovin’ it,

I mean even if I let you live, I’d still get charged with cruel and unusual punishment.

I don’t believe in bad luck, but since this black cat crossed me, let’s run with it.

I shaved with pieces of a shattered mirror for the past 7 years,

I don’t believe in karma.

But when your turn comes back around, you’ll realize you don’t deserve this.

Life isn’t perfect. Everyone Born has a purpose.

Lemme ask you something, bitch. Was it worth it?

BORN
Nigga, you gettin sheer beheaded.

I would say this is a disaster in the making, get ready to clear the wreckage,

but this is a Dizaster in the making; y’all got me battling Bashir the second.

Wait, let’s clear the record.

This’ll shake you to the core, ‘cause the Mac ‘ll choose disaster,

honestly, whose man(-)made this wreck?

Forcing aggression; he ain’t even a natural Dizaster,

nah, let’s revamp that,

you fresh off the assembly line, they packaged you Dizaster,

there was a category for(four), any damage done,

then you would be an actual Dizaster.

This is facts you aught to capture. Why mention me?

When you stole your flow, cadence and delivery?

The epitome of a PG clone, steppin with some energy and imagery.

Nigga please. How you dissing me when you Diz to me?

I see you got with the right(-)click to copy-paste your history.

It was meant for me to body his ass quick.

How you emulate a nigga between 2 jobs and a cab shift?

You idolize another man. I know your father is mad pissed.

Suckin dick. Tryna rack a tier(racketeer)

but he the weakest Dizaster to come out the D since Kwame Kilpatrick.

But enough of that shit.

Try and picture this guy in trenches.

I’ll leave this Arab Chin swole, like Harold and Kumar on slider binges.

You blew up on Gutta. So what? He was kinda timid.

Just ‘cause you bombed on a plain(plane) nigga

doesn’t make you an Al Queda member.

2 years, no losses. I gotta make this guy remember?

When a solider give him a Red Skull it’s not a Hydra center.

I’m about to defile this sinner and get him carried out.

Matter fact, this battle reminds me of a book in the bible.

Oh you get it or doubt I’m following the lord’s orders,

rocking the boat and going overboard when it’s a clearer route,

somebody tell Gnojaj bein’ swallowed by the belly of the beast

something he shouldn’t wear about.

Please, don’t start no drama, ‘cause I’ll air it out.

Nuborn’s known to cradle caps like damaged scalp.

Y’all niggas remind me of the logo from Paramount,

circle all around stars with a mountain on screen and nothin that we care about.

I prepared this bout. I’m a claimin the win.

I heard you called JC a nigga.

Well I dare you.. Nah, nah, nigga I triple dog dare you to say it again.

You racist within? I’m breaking your chin.

You feel golden, I(Goldeneye) blow cartridges

to get him split on screen like he playin with friends.

There’s no gangsta in him.

Calicoe said it’s a difference between metaphors and real <write(misspeak)> rap.

Yeah, Cal, you right, the difference is, once he met a four it was a real wrap.

Real rap. I mean you right in your hometown,

so everything you say, these people gon go wild,

but just remember: I gave y’all the lowdown, so y’all should know now,

the real disaster is him not using his own style. (Blow.)

Round Three
GJONAJ
When you underestimate a man who has no losses,

you die for no reason, that’s natural causes.

So with all this your fault, you were never warned?

I mean the telltale heart beats never more,

there’s not a single light round, so what are you headed for?

You might not die, but you gon wish you were never Born.

There’s shit worse than death. You gon suffer another fate.

The shit ain’t black and white. You’re looking at another race,

so who gon finish line, the first to cross,

now that you mention it I’m not white,

we try (wheat, rye) to talk it out

til I pull a pistol or pump a nickel, wait —

that could be said different:

white, wheat, rye, pumpernickel, we BRED different.

I’m molded in this image to offer repentance.

So picture a holy descendant

standing over the fuckin hole he descended,

oh wow. You predicted religion would be a part of my angle.

Congratulations. One shot through your top get a halo

then I look over the body like, “How ironic. Once he drop his guard, he an angel.”

But I guess that’s what they made heaven for.

What’s the expression? “Knocking on the devil’s door”?

Well I answered. Should I kill him in reality or kill him with quotes?

Should I put him through hell or send him to hell?

Fuck it, damned if you do, damned if you don’t.

I’m Little Nicky brother, I raise hell on Earth, so just act religious.

Bullets exit ‘is temple, let’s take that a bit farther,

statues cryin’, I’ll make rock bleed, that’s stigmata.

Who want it with me? Tell me the truth, though.

Slingshots, give me my regular props,

in other words don’t lie if you wanna get rocked.

I’m that nice. Call it congregation.

I grab the hatchet, have a conversation

with his frame: chop it up.

Rosetta Stone body language, this has gotta stop.

When trust falls in the wrong hands, you see a body drop.

Now you gotta watch me put him out of his misery.

Or let him try to belittle me while legends are diggin’ me,

but if they don’t pass me the torch, I’m literally

stealing the Statue of Liberty.

You could’ve left with your dignity.

But you had to get it so here’s an actual threat,

I’ll fuckin snap his neck

and have him looking over his shoulder like it ain’t happened yet.

I bet paranoia’s the only thing that’s beaming from him.

The grim reaper cast an image that should keep him running,

the irony if it wasn’t for shadows, you wouldn’t even see it coming.

But that means nothing when you’re dead and rotting.

And that’s the fuckin problem, I’m not even done with rhyming

and I’m talking to a spirit like a fuckin shaman.

But this is my native language.

Chill, it’s just a game I’m playing,

I kill the animal and make sure not a part is wasted.

Born, your death for the following statement:

I’m a serial killer. Are you following?

There’s a cult fanbase that’ll only make it worse.

I’m Charles Manson: I control killers with my favorite verse.

You wanna know how to catch me slipping?

Read his latest work.

You can’t protest cutting trees with paperwork.

So fuck it pick a side, I decide who can live and die,

if you don’t get it I’m

the firing squad: I’ll kill you all with a single line.

Are you afraid of death? Relax, take a breath.

Organik and Gully are here. This is a major step.

But if I created this fuckin path for you, I literally made your step.

What’d you expect?

My son was starving. I let him eat with the grown-ups, I didn’t need to.

And you disrespected me by biting the hand that feeds you.

And now you finally fuckin realize who needs who. (Goodnight.)

BORN
It’s crunch time, so I’ma do what I do best. Punchlines.

Like I said before,

you got your flow from another nigga. You cheatin’, pal,

disaster when this fruit biting.

That’s who you guardin’? God, I’m at ‘im, even now.

Fuck you, I’m tryna body Surf off the stage.

That’s how you reach the crowd.

This bitch get addressed, it’s night-night,

that’s a sleeping gown.

Take a L. B.S., if it’s beef, he gon meet the pound.

Off principle, you and your faculty ‘a

eat a mill together like the teacher’s lounge.

If we go hard, your chest (Chess)

cookin’ when I Steams it down.

Feel like Gandhi when I’m drinking:

a li’l Hindu ‘ll help me spread the piece around.

Christ the second coming? Well nigga you need Jesus now.

These punches non-stop. You Taken one too many.

Liam Nieson style. See the pow.

So smooth with the 40, it’ll make Carlisa smile.

Give this whore a scope. Snake.

You see the scales on this bitch? He a Libra now.

Fuck it, I’ll heat this clown.

Silencer. The gun won’t make a peep or sound;

it’ll whisper, I promise. Like a secret vow.

I’ll creep in town. Like a bar with Parkinson’s,

I’m ready to shake and open for the fade,

Heath Ledger, before the clip drop this Joker saw the grave.

If this Bozo saw<stutter> the pain I’m out here dolo, more than brave.

It’s Anarchy, get hype man and catch a back slap,

that’s O-Solo versus Swave.

This homo’s so afraid he won’t stand for himself.

But if I force your hand, you better play the hand you was dealt.

Wait, speaking of “hand you was dealt”,

I heard that you worked as a casino as a fuckin card dealer.

(No, seriously.)

I mean you gettin money. I mean it’s no way for me to flip this, y’all,

but at least they know what they meant

when they said he was gonna flip this card.

This bitch is soft. Wouldn’t even hold a can.

I let it go, find him booking under chair like a Oprah fan.

Royal flush. See your poker face? Better show your hands,

buddy won’t gamble with the odds.

I bet when the chips are down he just fold his hands.

Hold it, fam. I’m the ace in the hold. You can’t match potential.

Call your bluff, you need to follow suit, or your ass gets stenciled,

told him ante up at least a stack to ripple.

Nigga look, soon as I was booked the cards was stacked against you.

Nigga it’s the gas they give you, that’s the issue.

They like when you all shouting.

My lines come across screen for viewers without the ball bouncing.

Every night I’m sharp with the bar jousting.

But why black, Jack? When I can see no one on the card counting.

Now that was fire. Fuck it, I got the four crouching,

extend-o take out a couple Jokers lost in the shuffle,

and still have fifty on deck, since we card counting.

Now, that was fire too.

Let’s revamp it again. We in the yard pouncing,

like the movie. Soon as it’s spacey, he’ll have 21 in his head,

like he was card counting.

(If you seen the movie 21, Kevin Spacey, he was card counting..)

(I said fuck it.)

We beyond shouting. I’m playing to win.

Say he gon get me, fuck it, he won’t say it again.

But y’all know my slogan. It’s faces still or face the steel,

the love is love but nigga the hate is real.