ROUND 1
HOLLOW DA DON
I want to let y'all know, I wasn’t even going to show up today

I got some bad news this week; my grandmother got bit by a bee y'all

It was one of them East African bees, it’s not funny

But when I heard this was for y'all, I showed up, so let’s get it

I said … Charlie, Charlie, Charlie…

I’ma be calm Charlie… I ain't gon lose my voice

"You’ll get engaged with the rage"… I ain't gon do that boy

This is battle rap, anything pass… we can scrap for that

Don’t stand here talking between my rounds… we got Smack for that

If I say something hot my nigga… I don’t want no daps for that

Oh you just want to be friends and play with these words…

Well they got apps for that

Fuck your entourage, this for that parmesan, since the boss been gone

You turn to Scott Baio and put Charles in charge

Cuz when Charles was gone he was dissin you saying that you owe eight

I got double that versus Surf and bought an Audi '08

He seen my car and was like you got all of them dollars

I know your persona… don’t hate

Oklahoma Nevada, your initial state was to NV (envy)… OK

So I can stand here laugh with him or I can kill 'em with the cold face

Cuz you took my bar verse Ars about brushing me wrong and flipped it with the Colgate…

That aint what the Don say

Who gave you bad directions, you lost… took it the wrong way

Now I got something that’ll hold clips so I load up with the old clips

First two was hot… and the third got stuck like the old Clips

You know the old Clips that stumbled in his old clips

Then said they old clips ohh Clips

You stumbled all 2013 and now you claiming you the best nigga

Since they gas em I’m supposed to be Pat nigga, well vrooom… I’m a 'vette nigga

And you X-Factor not cuz your priorities set nigga

Cuz every chance they get the fans make your head bigger

My first gun was a .38 revolver I got that from my nigga Roger

My point is… before I even knew about Clips I was already poppin

And jus cuz it was Grindtime, I didn’t stumble out or come up here with the…

I, I got you… duh duh duh… mumble mouth

Sonic the Hedgehog game, if I get hit on this stage, rounds keep coming out

You barely have thirds… at that point you should’ve got fired from it son

I/eye see you lazy like McGrady so you’ll never retire number one

He’s so redundant and simplistic, y'all all know that one Clips bit

Where he goes into a scheme and you can predict it way before he spits it

He’s like, I’m in that flying spur then I’m dunking (Duncan) in my homie's charger

Got twenty, take ya top off, that Ginobili spark ya

My other gun, Kawhi Leonard, this is the homie darker…

Then he’ll say something about point guard, a nine and what y'all see coming…

{Tony Parker} {CROWD PREDICTS}

What about when he said, I’m way better and way clever

Say something about Pacquiao or ring and what y'all see comin…

{Mayweather} {CROWD PREDICTS}

Hollow-vs-Clips-Hollow4
See what I’m trying to say, them bars like the next exit off the highway

They know when to get off you tell them it’s coming a mile away

But he does have fire writtens, he got fire writtens

Like when he said without Clips, Hollow aint killin’ shit

But if you freestyle half your battles, there ain’t no fire in pin/pen

Then what good is Clips

I aint saying your shit wack…

But bro is the same move every time you kick that

Setup punchline setup punchline that’s how you spit that

Just a candy wrapper/rapper with 4 bars you a… {Kit Kat} {CROWD PREDICTS}

See how easy it is to predict that

The aim gon’ change his range

The range gon’ change the bang

The bang gon’ change his frame

The frame gon… Boy yo bitch is ugly as hell my nigga

I mean his bitch aww

You like battle bitches with gun lines… bitches with bars

Rule number 1 this is a business and the mix is a flaw I don’t mix it at all,

You won’t hear a single drop bout I no Kendrick Lamar

But he went from Ash Cash now you hittin Couture

Nigga for bands I wouldn’t smash that no expensive guitar

She the one against Official dressed like a dyke right

Hair everywhere Scary Spice like

That bitch look like Whitney on the pipe night or Tina after Ike Fight

But you getting stacks now, get her hair done, put that hood boog in Fendi

Ohh I guess it’s your Lady’s Luck we never seen her look good with Remy

And you know what’s the saddest shit, I’ve been to they crib

When he mad at her and she mad at him… It’s hilarious

Cuz instead of arguments… they actually start battling

She be like: "If I come in and you textin, I bring the tecs in and start shootin"

He be like: "Shut up bitch you losin"

She storm out… go to the kitchen… she like: "Charlie, you ate my food again

Charlie, Charlie…" He in the back talkin bout "Guess what room I’m in?"

But… alright, alright… I ruined it…

Bro, third round against Rex… you said the truest shit

But please, please don’t come up here and act like your mom’s tough

Cuz I bet a thousand large bucks that in real life my mom will fuck your mom up

Iight, iight let me put this up, let me settle down

What he need to beat me, I'ma save that for the second round… L.O.M.

(Tried to do a "Sike I Lied" comeback but got cut off by the noise, Clips and Smack)

CHARLIE CLIPS
I said… Charlie Clips vs. Hollow

Lux what up? Mook what up?

I’ma kill one of y'all niggas this fuckin summer

I like how you talk that shit, here's where it goes down like a fuckin plumber

I body every nigga on your side, put em in sleeping bags that’s a fucking slumber

And if your mom do hook on mine… cool… we gon jump your mother

I said… uhmmm… ahhh man

I knew I should’ve skipped you and went straight to Lux

Cuz after that Total Slaughter performance, your career was kinda dead to me

But a little voice in my head, said naw you Clips and if you gon be the top gun…

Why not add a hollow into your legacy?

Plus I want to see what’s the hype about…

Cuz if you act like this then… How can anybody think you better b?

Your voice hoarse/horse, you leave niggas sleepy, Hollow…

That’s the reason you’re not ahead/ a head to me

I said nigga

You ain't beat grey hoodie Lux, you had the fake Black Panther,

With niggas in the background grippin a shottie

How’d ya struggle with fake activist/Actavis but lean is what you sip for a hobby?

The work I put in is rape, it's not meant for a Cosby

Burberry shirt, my lines gotta go over ya head first to see they meant for a body

My third round against Rex one of the best ever my whole block was movin

Niggas ain’t even asking bout my pops, they askin me how the Dots is doin

I tell them niggas Shine shinin, Murda murderin, shit… I think the Dots is movin

I aint wanna kill Rex… but when a dot get in ya face, you gotta oxy-cutem (execute 'em)

And what you gonna do, what you gonna do…

Rap about my pops like he did?

Pull out paperwork Hollow? I’m not shook

Nigga I haven’t seen my father in 20 years but still know how my pops look

My real name is Charles Brown and I be letting that stock cook

And if he try to Dee Brown… I will bang on em… and not look

Librarian… put the silencer on… shhhhh… if you do not book

Ahh it ain’t no Biggie, cuz you gon get a round, more than a Pac hook

I call my brother like… Bring the K D and then, Hollow give us that shock look

Cuz he got a feeling, the thunder about to get fired on the spot, ain't Scott Brooks

I said listen Hollow, if your bitch is fine, I’m bringing two fives to split ya dime

Chiropractor at King Of The Dot, I’m tryna bend her/Bender spine

Rondo workin out in the gym that’s the biggest nine

Shot the shit in East and/Easton… the nigga died in Pacific Time

Hollow-vs-Clips---Clips1
I’m loco… and bi-polar… Cuz I don’t celebrate but I wave toast

I’ll write Hollow is that nigga and that bitch on the same post

If you try me off the Hennessy then I hope you keepin your bae close

Cuz this little shit sing at niggas and bitches… it's Dej Loaf

Put a sock in it, I didn’t come here to show Dude Love

Arms out and everybody in your squad get it… that’s a group hug

Recyclin… I put the old beam on the new snub

The Ray (ray) and the Arsonal (arsenal) working together better than U Dubb

This is a part of war… I’m throwing smoke bombs at your apartment door

Niggas coughin they ain't feel Weezy this much since The Carter 4

Big shit barkin it soundin like a retarded dog

I’ll let this shit pow / Pau brother it fuck around and Mark us all / Marc Gasol

Fab put his shooters in the Uber, my whole team is in a rental

Window down, they arms out but they ain't reaching for your demo

I had to name the pump Ike, you gotta squeeze it just a little

Or the kickback will surprise you like Tina in the limo

I said on some G shit, Hollow you my nigga, but I need to know what the fuck is up

You had the chance to put battle rap on top of mainstream but then you fucked it up

It’s like every round you got dryer and dryer… man you fucking suck

How you was able to clean Big T but couldn’t wash Button-up / Budden up?

I said… Your third round better be your best round, cuz you not gonna survive another day

Every time I rap, pull out your phone and text your mother pray

Cuz she gon call Smack, Beasley and ask GOD why we took her son away

And the sad part it’s only 5 hours left till Mother’s Day

Mrs. Dinnananon wassup baby?

Round 2
HOLLOW DA DON
My nigga that round was cool… but yo bitch still ugly as hell my nigga

Nigga we see this… how you a top tier nigga… with a pg bitch?

Alright, alright alright… I know y'all don’t want to hear this

Enough about this nigga bitch…

Let’s talk about how this nigga bitched on a nigga dick for a year tryna battle, I had bigger fish

Needed an extension when I got Loaded I wasn't worried about little clips

All my battles been main events all types of rounds I raised the net

Since Clue was making tape cassettes and Jae Millz was in that Avirex

Nigga when I came in and went in, he came and went

So let’s place a bet, and when I win… Write R E S P E C T

When you make the check nigga pay respect

I said… these fans like the hot bars then…

But we don’t do that…

We all riders… I hate to use this bar during the crisis

I got to make the crowd riot so I'ma be more / Bmore fire

I got y'all… about a stolen scheme… He gave to another battle rapper but originally stole from Queens

It was about a vid… copped a Canon/cannon and shot one on fifth

It was Loaded Lux, T-Rex, Head Ice, Charlie Clips

(DJ scratching noise)

Let me rewind it… This about to be my hardest shit

Leave the cannon cocked I only need one shot when the fifth on me

I don’t care if Lux loaded it go through Rex tee hit Ice head then clip Charlie

I could’ve just came through and put two in his abs

And he was standing there looking at shit he never knew that he had

I’m hyped shooting Belly see me in Nebraska

I’m saying if he droppin dimes to get me to Rico I’ll havem eatin this banana

My man put away the ox so it’s the Tommy he gon blast at y'all

Me, Nas or T-Boz cuz I don’t know how to act at all

This Shotty ain't a battle rapper or a passenger seat

This nigga must’ve made a mistake/(him a steak) if he said he asking for beef

He left Ruby Tuesday to go to Friday’s to get a Sunday/Sundae

You just ate half of the week

But on Sundays he a changed man Charlie sits and stays home

It’s nothing religious… that's just usually when Chick-Fil-A’s closed

I said… Charlie… you gotta bring something better and that's… similes

These burners and gloves go together… that’s chemistry

I had an epiphany… they said before this battle shit

He was a Harlem nigga with no bread…

I said a Harlem nigga with no bread?

They said a Harlem nigga with no bread…

I said that’s like a BMX with no pegs

A frat party with no kegs

Friday with no Craig

A Harlem nigga with no bread?

They said a Harlem nigga with no bread

I said that’s a Rastafarian with no dreads

A goalie with no legs

A Cali nigga that smokes regs

A Harlem nigga with no bread?

They said yeah, he don’t even got a business or a LLC

Do you got an ENI number or tax ID?

Ohh the only thing you own is CharlieClipsTV

See that’s cuz he don’t got no will no drive no ambition

I seen all the money this man’s missin, I got a confession

See them “Sike I Lied” T-Shirts y'all bought outside… my man printed

Hollow-vs-Clips---Shirt
I seen all the money that fam missin

I’m like dog… I went and got it copywritten

Your whole slogan…so now if you want to use it

You gotta pay me some damn chicken… boy you do bad business

I actually got employees… you can come work for me

An in turn/intern my nigga you get that work for free

I’m not showing his incompetence with no cruel intentions

Own equity it’s no equity in views and mentions

But if it is y'all went in on a Charlie Clips stock and made a huge investment

But now that I’m giving you the business watch them start losing interest

My nigga you gotta start thinkin like a boss or I office/off his space

And leave his achievements on the wall

Wait you from Harlem… you aint got no damn bars

But you flippin put your man on… damn pause

Wait… now I’m sounding like Cam’Ron

Y'all Ghostface twice the killer she died, I was knowing that sick

I’m the type to overdose with the shit,

I challenge you to battle without ghostses

If son back out, I black out my solar eclipse/soul'a eat clips

I know y'all was like damn… I was fucking with thun

See Smack was frontin with funds, is DNA your brother or son?

I know y'all like it’s crazy on how I’m coming at son

But his name's Clips, it's only right that I put ’em under the gun

By the way your weight fluctuates like a boxer going up in weight

You're fat big boned and you're big fat boned the other day

I no longer know what the fuck to say

I went by his crib he was eating a buttered steak with a cup of cake

That wasn’t a dumb mistake I didn’t mean cupcake he was actually drinking a cup of cake

Worry about the bars but don’t worry what I got on

But if you is worried LOMclothing.com

Sike I Lied I’ma say it now… Sike I Lied I’m a say it now…

In order to make that happen, you’ll have to run in the Vatican church

Ransack it grab the pope saran wrap him back hand him like Sam Jackson

Cremate his damn ashes with no damn hassle

Pull it out of the damn oven and make a sand castle

CHARLIE CLIPS
Second round was all jokes for you huh?

Crack another fat joke and I'ma go for your jaw

I've been in the streets, they know I’m gutta without bowling a ball

Two plus two… Remember I’m predictable… I’m holding this four

Sike I… oohhhh wait I don’t own it no more

I had a long talk with D the other night…

His bitch walked by with a mean butt

And I was thinking like damn… I gotta bag her… Fuck raw and catch a mean nut

D said can I hang…I said for sure… you know how we do these sluts

Ohhh y'all think I was talkin bout DNA… I’m talkin about deeez nuts

GOT HIM!!!

Hollow crack a smile… it’s just a joke…try to save ya pride

Shut the fuck up with the boos… hop in the whip we bout to take a ride

I gotta take y'all in a trip… cuz a couple of niggas I thought was cool with me started taking sides…

Charlie-Clips-vs-Cortez-Hollow
Cortez what up nigga… Come here boy…

Cortez what up nigga… You know I know you personally in the streets you real

But in this situation… you a fuck nigga

Cuz I heard you had a couple of words… behind ya boy back when Math had got jumped nigga

You know what’s crazy? When you ain't had no crib… I was there to move ya shit out the trunk nigga

Hollow aint never let you stay at his house… you lived with me for a month nigga

This is real facts

You know what’s crazy? I guided you through your whole career

I held you during that whole Hollow bid…

Sad part about it, he come home and you jump in his arms LOM…

NY did way more for you than Hollow did

He moved to Orlando, question do you even know where Hollow lives?

If this is really ya man, give me the address right now to Hollow crib

Exactly… Damn you said it type fast…

Well let me do it over here cuz GOD is about to strike his ass

Not just you…

D. Chamberz…You mentioning me in all ya songs

Sad part is you don’t even know how to rhyme…

You used to call me seven o'clock every morning…

Begging me to help you get on your grind

I got more features with you than all of these niggas combined

So I’ma be the first to tell you that you suck and you’re never getting signed

I know what y'all thinking…

Y'all niggas wanna boo niggas…or a nigga who battled Surf and started making it rain

Y'all love me a minute ago now y'all getting as fake as his chain

The problem that kills me is y'all niggas big Hollow up

And y'all wanna soup him like y'all wontons

Y'all ain't with him for real… y'all only with him for the chips like Bon Ton

LOM NYB you always got y'all pom-pom

But where the fuck was y'all when he was getting washed up by John John

I said…

John John walked in and he said LOM… then swung at him right at the door

But you fell… I got a multiple choice on how you got on the floor

Is it…

A) The floor was slippery, you fell inside the club

Is it…

B) When you grabbed him you realized you not a thug

Is it…

C) It wasn’t lean it was some other kind of drug

Ayyyee John John what was it…

*John John comes out and says*

(It was D nigga… all of the above)

Round 3
HOLLOW DA DON
With the Math situation… we ain’t saying you did not care

We ain’t say go to LA shoot everybody bring a glock in there

But bro… you is big as papa bear…

You could’ve grabbed disaster or Aktive and stopped 'em and been like "not in here"

And he tried… but once them L.A. niggas started swinging you got outta there

Your heart was pumping my nigga… you know what’s funny

Besides the fact that he’s the only Harlem nigga that comes bummy

He’s so excited to get his little twenty thousand and I’m still spending Lux money

Even though money don’t matter here, I’m just here stating the facts

Clips this is the most you ever been gave for a match

And bitch I’m not Lux, you better thank me for that

Cuz before this I know what happened… me and Joe… had a classic

But I never give y'all the insight on my life… so let me tell y'all what happened

What you know about preparing for a battle when your grandmother bit by a bee

Or… the very same day of the battle… you forget your ID…

Real shit no excuses… wait… that ain’t me… that’s what this nigga do

If he unprepared during the battle he’ll give an excuse…

Embed it in the fans' heads that can bicker and use over did he win or did he lose

Like, Clips what happened against Charron?

Ohhh ohhh my nigga, that day of the battle my nephew caught the flu

Well what happened against Illmac?

My nigga that very same week of the battle my daughter in law turned two…

I gotta throw a surprise party… It’s real shit I’m going through

Niggas is like C'mon Charlie quit with the sobbin

You think these niggas wait hours and pay $100 to come in here and hear another nigga problems?

Hollow-vs-Clips---Hollow1
Now I’ma pull up on the block… I’ma freestyle off the top…

Sike I lied nigga… I couldn't stand up here and gave y'all a sloppy freestyle if I tried nigga…

Wait this is genius… I can do this everytime nigga I get in a bind nigga

Just say Sike I Lied and rhyme nigga… my nigga

It's so see through…

Then Star popped the clip called you a snitch…

But Clips aint pop shots…

You was standing there dancing round questions and knowing that’s what got ya pop locked

Let's keep it a buck… Rex said he was with Alpo… and his pop flossed in a Lex coupe

So if Rex was with Alpo and your pops was… it was a boss for respect too

But there’s something else about you and Alpo my nigga…

There’s something more that connects you

Ahh it’s so special… y'all both came up of killing a nigga when he was mourning his nephew

Snitching in your DNA, so DNA… if you start selling coke and you wanna get down, tell em NO

It’ll sound like a Sixers game… he’ll be playing with the Answer as he points… that’s Eric('s) Snow

I'll bring two weapons through, for snitches in the confessional

A tech and a nickel if you wanna be technical

Let's get to the point… you sarcastic hardy har

But couldn’t hang with me bar for bar in New Orleans during Mardi Gras

If your man acting extra goon, leg shot when I’m stepping to 'em

Split your shit right before I left the room nigga that’s an exit wound

And bystanders get brutally beaten for beefin

Brooklyn born we’re brought up blind with beacons

Not concerned with the corner concoct concurrent coronas

Come with a caliber Charlie Clips condition confirmed in a coma

I’m just playing with these letters and tryin to be non bias

I did some Bs B and some Cs see… stop whining (CeCe Winans)

I was in the box where niggas was not rhyming

Ayo sticks and Top Ramen

You nerds dot com'in and hating for the top comment

I’m illegal but legal with desert eagles to see you Eagles and Regals leaving you see through… I equal them people that peeped you like a preview

A sequel, shoot that needle with diesel position leaving you fetal

Wait… I can’t use mixtape bars? … That’s cheating scrap

But he did that with the Captain Morgan line in the Conceited match

And he act like it was a free at that…

Had me so heated that I was on his locator visit every place that he be at

You can see that I listen to all of his CD tracks…

And read every tweet he had… all 98,322 to be exact

But who’s countin?

Fuck you nigga…

I was stalking everybody, even the niggas that hold this nigga down

I'm like… should I get at Clips? yeah well let me roast this nigga now

Clips aint fat… he just got a big ol back

My nigga you got a wide body… you a big ol 'Lac

I hate to be your friend when we was young and some kids wanna scrap

Cuz it prolly be hard as hell to get your back…

I'll palm the toolie… he gon take shots to the head like John Belushi

I’ll put this bitch on ice like Yamaguchi

Silent killer for the mob… that’s Sean Kakhuski

See I usually don’t stop y'all during these battlin verses but I guarantee there’s a few of y'all that thought that Sean Kakhuski was an actual person…

Be the same niggas that fall for Clips' fifty and fifty nine
Surf with an AR on his hip… I don’t get it when they rhyme

But enough of that y'all aint seen me mad

I guess y'all right the devil wear Prada…

… Cuz I'ma bouta get my evil bag

I'ma skinny nigga… I could care less about grandma good ass cookin

You fuckin with a crazy nigga…

… That’ll run in the crib and give grandma that good ass whoopin

But y'all know im so motherfucking mean with it…

I take that grandmother ass whooping back and do a whole 'nother scheme

I said I’m probably just weird

As I walked up the stairs I broke a bottle of beer

Bent her over stuffed it hard in her rear

Twist it out as the bottom just teared

Blood was everywhere, a lot was smeared

And I used it to write on the wall “Hollow was here”

But y'all know I'm so motherfucking mean with it…

I bring that grandmother ass whooping back and do a whole 'nother scheme

She senile... can’t tell who what which and when

I took doo doo from her diaper with some chocolate and mixed it in

Fed it to her, told her it’s a twix and then…

She said is it supposed to taste this nasty?

I said honestly the shit depends

She said on what?

Repeatedly she get beat with an iron…

And I tell your grandfather… get the fuck up out that wheelchair

And I sit down like… “Wheeewww” nigga I’m tired…

That was a long day of ass whoopin for Charlie Clips…

Damn your shirt hardly fits…

FYI… they got the salsa chips avoid the garlic dip

I’m just being real with you… I’m knowing this true…

Your face could tell it hurts inside of you…

CHARLIE CLIPS
How this shit go again?

"Your man Charlie Clips had one battle and think he top three now

And how his name Charlie Clips if we only seen three rounds"

Damn that was tough… that was back when he was hungry, fire, and pause… you had a lot of flame in you

But over the time you became a vending machine Hollow…

You don’t know why?... I’ll explain it to you

See Shady Records got a little hungry… they push buttons/Budden… and you was the one they put the change into…

You chased that man around more than Kaylin Garcia it was to the point I felt ashamed of you

You threw money on stage and told Surf to strip… it was at that moment I seen the lame in you

You flew Calicoe’s pops a thousand miles and still had a debatable with Lux… Hollow you let the fame get you…

See I wanna show you this 40 Glocc… but I'd rather school you before the Game get you

Cuz you chose the stage name Hollow… and it’s crazy how that name fits you

Cuz see the definition of hollow is basically unfilled space… and with a name like that… how could y'all even think he gon bully Clips…

Cuz see what bothers me is that he chose a name that means empty…

But your whole career you’ve been full of shit

Shall I continue? Work out Hollow, let's see what being brolic get you…

Till a chhhh chhhh… till a hollow hits you…

And the doctors change your name while you asleep… cuz you done woke up with something solid in you

But oohhhh… you not that type of hollow… you an expanding bullet…

Basically you a hollow point

But if we go to trial and Hollow point at the nigga that shot the hollow point then what the fuck is Hollow’s point?

Exactly… see you didn’t choose the name Hollow… God gave it to this man and the shit special

See he gave him the name Hollow cuz he’s sharp and with the right aim he probably could split metal

But you're just a Hollow so stay in ya lane…

Cuz when you went against an Arsonal… we all seen how that kid stretched you

And remember Hollow can’t go nowhere… unless the clip lets you

This is some powerful shit… I understand y'all gon get it… don’t worry about it…

I probably won this round on that alone…

One lil scheme and a lil bit of wordplay

You wanna know what’s crazy Hollow?… I ain’t spit a punchline since like Thursday

You want one?... Ok cool… You about to get 'em in a bomb way

From now on May 9th is national What-The-Fuck-Happened-To-Hollow-Da-Don Day…

I’m extra legit… I got a gift at rapping you in the presence of Clips

Imodium… hey D (AD)… don’t let him get extra with shit…

Cortez… real name is Ernie and he rollin with Hollow looking all desperate and shit

Now Ernie the one I should kill/Shaquille if Charles right next to the Smith

Hollow go head and give it up… give it all you can

But let ya next of kin know that I’m the God in the clutch

Remember he played Street Fighter he never used Balrog.. and left y'all in disgust

Well I used to battle rap for free in the yard before lunch

Till I picked Balrog... and learned you can charge for a punch

It’s over… Yes Hollow… he da best

I’m in ya mom's crib… she need a vest

Tryna leave blood all over the pad… but it aint PMS

Ski mask on… 40 comin out the waist… she about to see her death

They aint see the Black Face raisin the Cal since BMF

And you said you could beat me bar for bar, Hollow?

I’m from New York where we let off rounds

And my niggas Will Smith you for seven pounds

Wait wait wait… that’s X-Factor shit right

I’m buggin y'all I gotta chill…

How bout? Grown man bars is something he got… wait that’s Rex shit right…

Yeah I’m buggin y'all for real…

How bout? So it’s Showtime…

Stupid nigga I’m not tryna steal…

I’m Shang Tsung… I’m just turning into all the niggas I already killed

Hollow-vs-Clips-Clips2
My legacy is solidified… Drake voice… your shit is kinda iffy though…

You beat Illmac after Con beat 'em… You beat Big T… OK really bro…

I murdered Verb, I murdered Roc… And what I did to Rex… silly though…

And Factor? His career been fucked… that ain't even going to Xvideos…

So lemme ask y'all in the crowd… Raise your hand if you think this sucka a legend

I did at first till Arsonal killed em… No debatin

Nigga fucked up his record… Then he lost to Surf right after that…

See I don’t fucking respect it…

I just wanna know… When you go against Red mans (Redman/O-Red)… what the fuck is your Method?

Listen Hollow… I am the greatest… I do believe in the hype…

But let’s just say niggas don’t think I’m Jordan…

And Mook laughin cuz he thinkin he Mike…

But when Mook lil daughter gets older and they go to ask her who the God…

She not gon remember Michael Jordan… but she always gon remember Lebron…

I’m about 6’8, 6'9… 250… niggas get scared when I come to the fucking basket,

I jump in traffic, they say I’m not aggressive because I might up and pass it…

Ohhh yall still thinking I’m talking about Lebron…

Naw nigga I’m old school… I fuck with Magic…

I compare myself to him… cuz I’m sick and my son a faggot…

And ya snooo datttt

This nigga will never be Michael Jordan…

If anything he Pierce… but the reason why I compare him to Paul is wonderful…

See you talk down on niggas like you a wizard… tryna makem feel all uncomfortable…

You tough when you was with Brooklyn…

But when you not with your team you soft and huggable…

I ain't gon lie you the truth… but your career is gon end with this Wall in front of you…

I could’ve spit a thousand fucking bars this round…

But this nigga needed to be humbled…

Yes Hollow you need that…

That LOM shit you got on your chest…

You talk it but I bleed that…

Drake offered me $20,000 to battle DNA…I turned that shit down like I don’t need that…

I didn’t even battle you for myself… I killed you so my little brother could have Queens back…

Loyalty Over Money…

I told you Hollow if y'all remember in the first round,

I said make sure your third is your best, or you're not gonna see another day

Every time I rhyme, take out your phone and you better text your mother pray

Cuz she gon hit Smack, God and Beasley and ask why did you help take my son away

What time is it? It’s only about five hours left till Mother’s Day