Round One
DANJA ZONE
Shh, quiet down, y’all hear that? I can hear his heart beating.
B-boom, b-b-ba-boom, boom. The champ is here. (x 4)
And Magic? You’re not as lyrical, so please.
You’re fuckin round with a threat, that’s a venereal disease.

Jeez. I should be crowned the best.
They say “keep it rap”; I’ll rap. And wrap both hands ‘round his neck.

You look like you got a venereal disease fuckin round with threats.
I should Smack DVD (the V.D.) out like URL wasn’t founded yet.
Nigga this is ‘bout respect. So please address the crowd and flex,
and get killed after getting out of pocket like Malcolm X.

Get your hands out my p— nigga you heard what I said.
You must’ve slipped, fell, and bumped your motherfucking head.

He dead. Instead I’ll put two in your noggin,
exposing Black Thought, that’s how I get to the Root of the problem.

You request love (?uestlove)? Off of what? Your bars not hard enough.
I’ll have him missing in the Mil(meal) like the drive-thru fucked my order up.

He often punch. But a Danja haymaker maker make a Kamehameha quake.
Face to face, state the date. October Zone (October’s Own); you ain’t facing Drake.
Soon as Black drop the first hit, they gon boo ‘im (boom) like an 808.

It’s safe to say I been god lately.
And I don’t like you, B(QB). Don lady. But I’ll still air it out like Tom Brady.
And don’t use Born to try play me, ‘cause that battle with Born old,
and that B ain’t for Benjamin, but in (Button) here, you gon die, baby.

Crazy. ‘Cause a nigga claiming he not crazy, on a mission, more than gifted,
Incredible with the Hawk, I (Hawkeye)
never seen Black with those (Widow), nor a ‘venger.
With Iron? Man, low key (Loki) he wouldn’t lift a hammer with Thor’s assistance.

I slaughter niggas, and you nothing like Carter. Write harder.
Thinking Danja wack, I’ll bring the fade to Black like Wesley Snipes barber.

I’m your father, ‘cause to D(custody), hearing Magic why I smile in court.
The way I write, BM,
the pen dent(dependent) on the paper and I don’t need y’all(child) support.

With seven days prep, he dying horribly in the sport.
Got out the pen a week ago for what I do today: that’s a Minority Report.

Nigga, and everything I wrote is dope. I’ll rope-a-dope, then comatose ya,
The can, it’a(Canada) shoot to where the pack(Pat) stay like Nova Scotia.
Used to shit and straight flush nobodies til they fold in poker.
On cards for John Dough, it be common names on them like Coca-Colas.
Get capped for the crown; I’ll be done broke his molars.
I made a nigga throw in the towel, you ain’t mafia like cosa nostra.

Poser. I be knocking them off.
Trying to test the waters, you done hopped in with Jaws.
Nigga my style hostile and hotter than yours.
Last nigga laid down the towel(tile); you ‘bout to be remodeling floors.

B MAGIC
Danja Zone, is it? Well you about to step in that.
I put a new flame to your Breezy like Gimme That.
What’s in it will(wheel) come out of the can like Fix-a-Flat.
Bumping Wu-Tang; she met the Cal before RZA rapped.
Fix your face. Coming through my hood, better fix your hat.
You must be kidding(kitten), nigga you pussy and I’ma kill a cat,
I’ll pull out a small handgun, that’ll peel his cap,
but that bitch sound BIGger than Guerilla Black, it’s a wrap.

Nigga that Slick talking won’t make you Bond.
You stuck behind bars; question is, can you take the time?
I’ll spray the nine, put this lame in his spine,
think of Michelle Pfeiffer ‘cause this bitch Danger is mines(Dangerous Minds).

Danja gay ass a fan. He Dylan if Writers Bloque was Making The Band.
I’ll scream what I mean ‘bout something stay in the can.
What, you ain’t catch it? You know: Oscar stay in the can.

Let’s turn it up. Don’t think that you’re driving down easy street.
Sneaker-creep. Catch him at work, proceed to beat the geek.
This weak emcee get drug over the counter like CVC.
Jerry coming with something sicker than Eazy E.
What, you ain’t catch it? Jerry Heller, Eazy E?
You know the block is hot, you ain’t gotta hear it from Weezy, we see it’s beef.
And this nigga Danja gon see the heat;
I’m ahead of you, god, I’ll send yo ass to Jesus, peace(piece).

Aight Dane, change of plans.
Hook shot, then get to booting wherever Danja lands.
Talk; don’t raise your hand. Eleven milli on the killings,
and you Vince Carter: you only been on your Grizzly for a minute.

Listen. You gon die today. Boy that Cal’ll wave.
I’ll take your dime and cut her(diamond cutter), I’m Dallas Page.
That bitch’ll be on the Shaft like Isaac Hayes.
Think of Ghost Rider from the fire brain.

Your talk as cheap as your outfit. I’m ‘bout this.
All you can do is piss me off ‘cause you ain’t ‘bout shit.
Who vouch this? When I’m airing the pistol,
just hope your own head make it back to Maryland with you.

Round Two
DANJA ZONE
Shit, y’all ready for the second round? ‘Cause the first ‘bout killed him.
Then he came with that shit? Apologize. See ‘cause now you done hurt my feelings.

Now after this, hope it’s no love lost,
‘cause see, this might get me cut from my circle. It’s like a buzzsaw.
But you know the name, homie,
it’s Danja Zone ‘gainst James Toney, let’s take the gloves off.

Now when Magic get in a fight, he be like, “give me what you got, son,”
then turned Denzel in Training Day, should’ve seen what he gotten one,
not ‘cause he got wet like Ethan, how the cop done,
but J.Fox was like, “get me the bitch”; Magic was reaching for the Shotgun.

But I want to ask you something though.
Why he ain’t help you? Ain’t you two cripping?
Why you ain’t light up J.Fox like an Amazing Spider-Man 2 villain?

But you ain’t Bad. Beat It. Putting hands on a kid may be in your plans,
but why you ain’t Michael J. Fox? Oh I get it, ‘cause you too shaky with the hands.

But you got One More Chance. To retreat. Which really seems useless.
I’ll make a nigga look Ashanti over a Biggie beat foolish.
You full of false hope. This is pure dope.
To be Frank, I blew(Blue) Magic out; I’m really Team Lucas.
We share your bitch; I’m thinking he’s stupid.
Treat her *as if* she’s best friends with the D(Dee), but he’s Clueless.

Her mouth get all cock; her jaws lock. Tell your whore get some help.
The key to unlocking it is to turn on a knock; she might open some doors for herself.

You do this more for the wealth, but it’s minuscule; get ridiculed.
Dog food, that’s Beneful, you been a fool. Look at what I did to June.
I’m cold, but you know what you should’ve invested in instead of him?
Rent Em Spoons! Rent Em Spoons!

But we gon rob him. After though, John, I read my fine print.
For all that battle money, then we better not find shit.
Ask him, “where it at,” but remain calm and
wave arms if you talk slow, Magic, like a jedi mind trick.

You in a war with a warrior, nigga; can you dig it?
This is my house; you’re just lucky I let you visit.
Was death your mission? To get what you’re searching for,
see me first: I’m more of a YouTube ad that won’t let you skip it.

Could’ve battled anywhere: on the block, your cartel, wherever.
Could’ve got schooled in the IV league; I ain’t no Yale professor.
Concealed with silencers; won’t see or hear, them shots go Helen Keller.
Catch a shell over the chicken; that’s a KFC and Taco Bell together.

(And you just lost the second, nigga. Off with his fuckin head.)

B MAGIC
You super-lyrical ass rapper, you need to quit today.
Cut him short; I struck this nigga out when I pitched a K.
It’s okay, lift and, hey, Duck Hunt: pistol play.
It’s whatever. Put these two fours together, we’ll get him ate(eight).

Nah, give him one four, G(4G); that’ll take half of Zone.
Spread the word, I’m going Gettysburg when I battle Zone.

I shatter bones, with black or chrome, leave no breathing.
See, I’ma ask you man to man, where is Zone defense?

I’m sick with it; your men and them get the Thunder.
Revolver spinning, what’s in it I’m sending into your stomach.
Adrenaline get to pumping, the Smith-and ‘ll get to dumping.
Toys ‘ll get to talking like Indian In the Cupboard.

Take notes: why you wack, I’ma give them reasons,
‘cause when you rap, all we see is Slim Jesus.

And that’s your big weakness when you rhyme, Homes.
Throw him in the Eastern Pacific; you got the time, Zone?

Zone time to go ’n die. You even sigh wrong,
I’ll pull out what I’m speaking on like a iPhone.
I’ll pull what I’m speaking on; think of Jadakiss,
‘cause everything you spitting is in question, like the Why song.

Go ‘head with the sneaking,
don’t make me go with the .44; if you give me a reason,
I’ll take the clip out the .22, man, your head’ll be leaking.
I won’t stop with the Emmett til(Till) you dead from a beating.

This nigga sweeter than a milk dud;
fuck him. I’ll put holes(hoes) in him like a strip club.
You big scrub. You seen what I did to Lynx, cuz?
This rapper dead, nigga, R.I.P. to Chinx Drugz.

I’m so deadly; I’m cocking the chrome Desi,
then go nuts on the side of your face like Loe Pesci.

What. I’m so deadly. I’m headed to see you.
I’m walking dead up on a nigga, bitch, my Resident Evil.

Your talk as cheap as your outfit. I’m ‘bout this.
All you can do is piss me off ‘cause you ain’t ‘bout shit.
Who vouch this? When I’m airing the pistol,
just hope your own head make it back to Maryland with you.

Round Three
DANJA ZONE
This is what advancing up a tier look like.
Keep looking, ‘cause this is also how Battler of the Year look, right?

Right. This a nigga ‘gainst enigma. I’ll murder, slay, slump him.
My win(d)s up. Death, I’ll give this cat a gory one(category 1) like a hurricane coming.

Fuck him. We’ll storm in like really bad weather,
with niggas that’d split your shit off the strength of a simple hand gesture.
With semis and hecklers, on the outside waiting to nail son like Winnie Mandela.
When mill’s(windmills) make him glide, that’s Wilkins and Drexler.
Ricochet when it spray off you with the tan sweater,
then you, then the kid off the wall like he Willie Manchester.

You good; I’m just a tad better. Seek Jesus help.
Lucky Ill ain’t keep clean and good health or else you’d be on the shelf.
From the weigh-in, there’s no way in hell this crip(crypt-) keeping the belt.
What could you tell me for this L, B? What’s on that skeleton that speaks for itself?

Give him heat til he melt. Grab the nine and pop niggas.
First Day, then Danny, now you? I’m even sending shots at my niggas.
That was fuego. Despite who I may know,
I let that milli rock on any block(Bloque) nigga.

Speaking of Bloque niggas? We may be friends,
but they gon speak on this battle with Jerry Douglas, and Danja then
say J.D. lost that bitch like Janet left Jermaine again.

Damn it, I came to win, and he’s still waiting on magician bars.
Magic under the illusion his shit is hard, which is odd.
Pick a card, any card. I got a casket for you,
how you saw the box and(/in) have(/half) the gall with this facade?
Now I gotta disappear and act like fuck it, after I get him gone,
if he pulled a rabbit out his hat it’s still no way he would’ve won(wand).
Buy why lie(voila)?

I’d be got tier if this shit was about classics.
Be real, this shit ain’t ‘bout skill, it’s ‘bout status.
You had Danja, rocking tie without slacking,
and skill got killed by MD like malpractice.

What round did you win?
I’m punching your lights out, you don’t even know the round that you’re in.

But I’m off that. You just a floor mat at The Format,
so before you even mention a nigga, say “Where your bars at?”

B MAGIC
This is where you rest in peace;
a motherfucker can die from these bars, and you next to see.
Get your Cake up, bitch, I’ll hit your chest(Chess) with Steams.
Too many counting on your pen; we need a referee.
You ever seen Harlem Nights? Well bet a G
that I won’t fight a nigga quick like Della Reese.
And whoever’s sleeping on me can get the heat;
that’ll wake up everybody like Teddy P.

Tell him we outside, posted up with the heavy glocks.
Cut a nigga throat, then drag him bleeding for seven blocks.
Hit this nigga ten times, but he was gone by the second shot.
I hit him from the blind side like Fetty Wap.

What, you ain’t catch it? Well I ain’t gonna repeat the shit.
Planet of the Apes: this monkey gon get his Caesar hit.
Arms out when I ride past like he need a lift.
You’ll get thirty out the rocket: that’s Kenny Smith.

That’s old school; king Magic come to claim the throne.
Don’t worry walking through this so-called danger zone.
Banging chrome with the fifth on my waist;
this rapper get send to god on a mission with Mase.

All right, stop it with the tough act. Okay Danja, fuck that.
I throw bullets down in(end) Zone ’til it touchback.
How you feel that you’re getting killed with the rough draft?
Slug him, and slug him in the same spot where the slug at.

Hold up. Let me roll up. This pound hold ‘bout forty shots.
Nigga, a freezer won’t the reason this forty pop.
Big strap. This is 50. Hit him from forty blocks,
or get the Thrill of(Thriller) getting knocked down with this 40 Glocc.

Yo, this nigga gon see stars,
getting whipped for a couple of bands like cheap cars.
Next nigga don’t give me my space gon see Mars.
You got a xanny flow: you put niggas to sleep with these bars.

Your flow as cheap as your outfit. I’m ‘bout this.
All you can do is piss me off ‘cause you ain’t ‘bout shit.
Who vouched this? When I’m airing the pistol,
just hope your own head make it back to Maryland with you.

I told ‘em once: these motherfuckers scared,
I’m from the motherfucking Lou, that’s how a motherfucker play it.
Beat me? Can you believe what this motherfucker said?
You must have slipped, fell, and bumped your motherfucking head.