Round One
LOADED LUX
Smack, is you ready? Charlie, you ready, handsome?

Charlie Charlie, are you real?

When the make believers wanna make you a believer.

In a room full of dream chasers, that started chasing the dreamer.

Oh this gon be a nightmare.

I got to wake you for me, bruh as fake as can be but

I know you ain't gone just stand in this ring to be layin’ there beat up.

My man said, “Charlie comin’ to fight.” Shit, I would think he would need ta.

As much flak as you got for not being in L.A. with them sneakers, nigga.

Nah, he ain’t gon be slipping, baby.

Well shit, I ain’t gon play with you neither.

In fact I'm gon say some things,

and I really could care less how you take to it either.

Think I’m just showing up with these Wrestlemania features.

Smell what I’m cookin’, nigga I will Rock your eye,

looking to box the five, and you ain’t gotta pay Little Caesar’s.

Did y’all know (Digiornio) he can walk amongst the Tombstone

tonight, home Slice? And this ain’t for no pizza.

You can say I’m a preacher, a Panther, Rich Porter,

a YMCA dancer, whatever, they gon laugh, you entertaining.

I just figured in the age where trigger fingers turn to Twitter fingers,

well, don’t sendin a message take a certain number of characters to explain it?

Like how me, myself, and I, already dangerous but schizophr*(ay)*nic;

You a Harlem hustler that will black out with the shotguns on the stages;

I kill you in front of Mom, free of charge,

and then pay for your whole funeral arrangements.

Goddammit, you bet I'm back.

Chuck, you the one that should've suited up for this, nigga, you forever slacks.

You could've got prepped for that, it helps to match.

Do it for your Vines... see where I address you at.

Look at grandmama bow tie; I'ma go at his neck for that.

Bow ties, bean pies... yeah you could rebuttal that.

Yeah, they say you a good nigga; I fought greater.

All labor boss, on paper you a 4th grader.

All you do is take a dope line or a gun bar,

you just reference that with a sports player; you short paper.

Fat boy, you couldn't get down with me with Rick Ross trainer,

nigga, just cause you got tits, brah

don't mean you be thinking in broad layers. C’mon player.

It's in the talk. Scratch that, it's in the walk.

You gotta look at how the boot leg cut,

if you copy that, this Clip(’)s a fraud; picture's off.

Who you are really in your bars, nigga?

Cause I know you for being soft, not for flipping hard.

Now you this nigga with attitude.

Just cause Trey chillin' with a cold block,

that don't make him Cube, don't get me wrong.

Yeah, you a Boy N Tha Hood, with the job.

If your man deal heavy, I feel worried: they kick the door,

you tell them where the Pills Buried,

see, you not the Doughboy that you think you are.

(Woohoo!) I’m just poking holes in him.

Loaded-Lux-vs-Charlie-Clips-Lux
Y'all probably couldn't relate to this.

Besides, Hollow showed me

you wouldn't be good with a business relationship.

Sike, I lied... how you just letting niggas just take your shit?

What's crazy is, if I break up with people,

cause we didn't get along, I know when to pass the baton

in this human race we in.

You can't tell that to a nigga without a car.

Just him and his T-Mobile, the minute you rollover

he trying to play you like a sim. They was him.

All the ex-producers and the managers,

Planning to be in my top five Fave Friends,

then they find out they ain't got drive for the long run,

that's when they came to Sprint, but this a Marathon we in.

The family still here, my whole pack at the thriller.

Lil' one, my mama, I'm riding, backseat full of killers.

We on our way to Lenox.

I wish a funny ass acting nigga would make a move,

but you ain't never been(Ben) stiller.

Still I, told my dog I can't let this cat shit on the litter.

Wreck and tangle my circle of life,

the world is round, you could kill me now;

how I’ma flat leave my niggas?

Even Real Aliva hit my jack late

He said, "yo man he just,

came through the hood with Goodz rambling,

how you want handle it?"

I said, "chill. He just feeling you out. It's good, he panicking."

This is what happens when these niggas get creatively famished

and can't manage it.

Their mental feeds be fishing cause they ain't bred

for this type of meet, but you could hook up the sandwiches.

I mean look, you got whatever advantages, could be damages.

Standing in your lobby, I'm thinking how he,

put his rounds together, that's a sign, that nigga outty.

I’ve been planning this,

to rap circles around a body. Nigga you lucky, it could be bandages.

My youngin' tried to get the hammer in;

I said, “wow that type time he ain't on, you way off.”

You talk that hustling shit, nigga,

but bacon the only strip you ate on.

I don't know why you call yourself Clips. nigga.

You got your name wrong.

I bet the last name he drew on a nigga he had Crayons.

The fake niggas you gotta pray for.

I'm not gonna preach to him, he no disciple.

Just indecisive. You got a right to question what I might do

after that last one we had to fight through.

But here's where I break the cycle. In case you feel delightful.

That moment that Mook hit me I got a bit more insightful.

I love my people, but some niggas, they just ain't gon like you.

You can't give your life to.

Malcolm read his scripture, hoping he got the picture

but the only one you remember is at the window with the rifle.

Have faith, cause you in here with the meanest, nigga,

and we gon need you to mean it.

Lately you come around (a round),

but you ain't never got three that’s completed.

Everybody's DNA structure different,

But he not me or the screening.

I'm genius. That gray hoodie Lux who rhyme vibe smooth,

fused with crime rules, why lose?

I'm coming to win(d) like a typhoon,

fine tune, every bar with the gun: high noon.

In the field, raisin’ on a nigga like dry prunes.

CHARLIE CLIPS
Summer Madness 5, wow, like where do I even begin?

First off, I got to salute Hollow for giving me that

li’l.. scratch on the chin.

Making me bleed in our last fight

‘cause it’s exactly what I needed again.

‘Cause I suffer from a disease called try-to-give-a-fuck-entitis,

it’s a disease that makes me not eager to win.

Now I’ve been diagnosed since 2012,

no nurse or no doctor would even give me a suggestion.

So I battled rookies and legends,

hoping somebody can help me learn my lesson.

I play around in every battle,

but nobody can kill me. “How” is the question.

But then I realized it’s not a disease, it’s God,

and I will no longer play with my blessing.

Ah Beloved, you had the world, but after the Calicoe battle,

it seems like you’s been getting demoted.

How ironic, you wanted Murda and you got murdered,

but I don’t want to hear that you wasn’t devoted,

‘cause every battle rapper in this building wanted to be Lux.

Oh, but never did Charlie, nigga you know it.

I tried to take a Hollow out in front of you, Smack.

What makes him think Clips want to be Loaded?

I need to know: are you Muslim or are you Christian?

Nigga, you’ve been confused since about eighty three.

Yea, you right, you was Rich Porter, and then a Black Panther,

and in your next battle you may be me.

Now when you came up with that slogan “you gon’ get this work”,

that sent chills down my spine, that shit was crazy, B

But the work you give out don’t last that long nigga:

you the temp agency.

You left battle rap and I held us down,

but y’all quick to welcome him home without the doormat.

Hey, what his resume like? He beat Miles, he beat Cal,

who gives a fuck? We don’t condone that,

you lost to Mook and Hollow, O-Red got a better resume

than you, nigga, and now we know that

So it’s like Fabolous spelling his name, ‘cause you should be where O at.

I’m killing scrap. Right now, it’s a nigga paralyzed

watching the pay-per-view like, “oh, I’m feeling that.”

I conceal a gat, I don’t care how much holmes improving,

I put this hammer to where his ceiling at.

One look big and the other one sound big,

that’s Shyne featuring Guerilla Black;

Brrriippa, bap! Blow his socks on his head,

it’s looking like Chilla hat.

Yes, dude is back, for y’alls who don’t

understand what I’m saying, it’s Mr. Google Facts.

Once again, my flow’s so out of this world,

I advise you to get your Google Maps.

I catch Lux while he running to his ride.

Beloved, then use the strap

Make him pay before he enter the ride, this shit a Uber app.

Nigga, I’m super strapped, and I’ll

spill him all over the stage like a Smack drink.

Or catch him and his crew getting high,

then walk in and let the gat brrring,

headshot blow his brain by his Puma,

basically I don’t give a fuck what this cat think.

The cops’ll find his Caesar

next to some Dutches, welcome to Black Ink.

What’s up Beloved?

Is you gonna shut the fuck up or not?

‘Cause you’re soft on Lenox,

but you always act tough up the block.

I’m in (mother z?) with the pump,

hitting his door with a couple of shots.

This shit a Puff deal,

it was especially made to fuck up the locks(Lox).

I’m in his crib looking for his niggas,

‘cause I’m about to do them grimy.

Me and my pump just kicking it,

sounding like a song from the nineties.

They like, “who can I run to?”

Lux like, “all y’all get behind me”

What I want to know is, how do y’all plan to

Xscape if the leader is looking Tiny?

This is for all you motherfuckers that said Clips ain’t nice.

Right now, Eddie Murphy is

calling Martin like, “this ain’t Life.”

Tay Roc is watching the battle like, “this ain’t light.”

And Quentin Miller is tapping Drake like, “this ain’t write.”

I tried to relax. Oh, but y’all don’t respect me

until CC buggin’. You see me dumpin’.

Burners on his back, I guess his CD buzzin’.

Everybody getting staples, this mac got a easy button.

So many straps, it look like Ms. Fit and C3 fucking.

What’s up with you, Beloved?

What are you gon’ tell the crowd, Beloved?

How I wasn’t outside battle rapping with Tru, Millz and Ice?

OK cool. I can’t lie, ‘cause of my father life, my moms kept me inside

I played video games and ate some damn pie

But when I did come out, I was that nigga,

and I watched Rex kill you on Eighth, I seen this man fry.

So if you battled on the roof and the loser had to jump,

either you ass betted or you can’t die.

I just want to know what it is.

Oh you talking to me while the crowd going crazy.

See that’s your problem, you don’t know how to work the heckler.

Stomach shot, paramedics surprised,

they forgot how to work the stretcher.

They’re like “where we gon’ take him”,

he said “Harlem Hospital giving beds out, that’ll work, whatever,”

But the hole so big,

Harlem Hospital and Presbyterian got to work together

I know y’all was scared to bet on Charlie

‘cause y’all ain’t know what kind of Clips y’all would get today.

Funeral thoughts, I got a box on my mind,

you think I’m kidding, play (Kid ’n Play).

My brother want to shoot the shit out you,

but I don’t really need for his cig to spray.

You know how many niggas I

will Smith by myself, this Independence Day.

I need to talk to you, Beloved. Tell the world how

you started my career. I mean go ahead and floss, nigga.

But it don’t matter right now

‘cause Smack is both of our boss, nigga.

So you can go ahead with all that bullshit,

I advise you to go and floss, nigga

And we ain’t seen your son since the video on BET,

(stutter)let me find out that you’re becoming a lost nigga.

Round Two
LOADED LUX
And now for my second trick.

You’re the first battle rapper with a 360 deal, nigga,

I’m not guessing this. We got references.

Ever since you let this hairy nigga play J.G. Wentworth,

I watched when your whole worth went

into a small structured settlement.

Eight battles for $50,000, my nigga? What are you, Mexican?

Hold on, no disrespect if you like hard work or some extra shit.

But if you’re gon’ rap, then rap nigga,

don’t be in blogs acting like the moves you’re making

is so executive, I’m not impressed with it.

You sign major ass deals, but Goodz still got to help you

and drive you to all of your press events.

And all he got to show-fer (chauffeur)

is a bottle of that brown drink.

Half a Gallon Goodz ain’t even got a half a gallon in the tank.

You know I’m the only battle rapper

out here breaking the bank, nigga.

He don’t like hearing that.

Nothing you kick wavy, nigga,

I don’t even know why you’re wearing that.

These type of niggas, they for y’all. They like that show on Starz,

nah. I’m into authentic power.

Where in a hour, you didn’t got to act like 50 Cent ain’t enough,

so disrespect, you’ll allow it.

How you talking principle shit? Well, I never attended Howard.

But as a student of the game, I know you just can’t claim

to be a man and not put on them trousers.

I watched you gun talk a nigga for three minutes straight,

my nigga. Bullet showers.

We just want to know, well where was the tec

when Big Cheese kept your 750 dollars, nigga?

You’re starting to look like a pretty flower, nigga.

This video game ass nigga.

Who you up here putting on for? You a cornball.

Wait, wait, we knew this nigga way before y’all.

Yeah, you moved to Eighth, nigga, but you was in the house.

I never seen somebody put two in a nigga’s scalp

just shooting off at the mouth.

Eyy, you’re right, I know what you’re confused about.

‘Cause you did work at Presbyterian Hospital as a janitor.

That figures, I’m used to realigning you Smack niggas.

Beasley, I’m gonna get this money,

it don’t mean I got to be glad rapping with trash niggas.

The only thing you ever been strapped for was cash, nigga.

A Harlem nigga with no bread, a Harlem nigga with no bread.

Big Bird, you’re a featherweight on hesitate.

We all on the conference call, Smack’s trying to delegate

the match all extra safe

for this pepper-steak on a breakfast plate ass nigga trapped,

looking for his best escape,

I said, “bet another K your man don’t show up on time, Smack,”

“But why’s that?” I said “‘cause dead niggas always late.”

This nigga scared, 40-Year-Old virgin

ain’t had as much pressure on a date, man.

This what happens when you’re rapping,

chasing checks at the gate.

Betting against a great then guessing at the debates.

Chess is what I play.

And if Couture know the game, she knows it’s over

once a nigga get checked in front of his mate, waaait.

You thought you was quite the winner

But she was on BET, not you, nigga.

I see who wear the pants in your cypher, sister.

Charlie, you’re the bitch in the D?

He the type of nigga act like he don’t type remember

But shoutout to my boss bitches wifing niggas.

Make sure you hit ‘em with the prenup.

I came to fight, fat boy, sleeves up.

I roll up on this nigga like a pants cuff,

break his whole dance up, pop lock.

I want a whole tour Couture, handsome,

how long you gon cockblock?

It’s time, Smack, why your fake shooter

always worried about the shot clock?

This stopwatch ass nigga, you probably

rather a laptop over them backshots.

That flabby bag ain’t built to last,

you get in, pull the trigger fast,

That’s black ass, not black ops,

you’re confused, nigga.

You Charlie Clip, I’m fully Loaded.

You ain’t even a trailer in my movie, snapshot.

Ain’t no future in fronting, backdrop.

You’re in here with the main attraction, mascot.

His looking ass? Your looking ass

wasn’t even good cash up in Ash twat.

You spent all that time at the slots, nigga,

and can’t never hit the jackpot.

Charlie Clips getting them chips again.

Last bet, what happened?

Couture said he lost the rent again.

When the gambling man shook up,

that’s usually when he should pass the dice.

You sat for like two years without a match to fight.

Was you in U N?

I could care less if Cam gave you cash for flights,

unless you have the lights.

Nigga, you could’ve been Channing Tatum in flashy tights.

Your career wouldn’t take off if you was Magic Mike, nigga.

Oh, this is an embarrassing night.

Look at your savior.

Up here getting your ass beaten, nigga.

Don’t you ever throw rocks at the sun,

you can’t reach it, nigga.

Work, nigga.

CHARLIE CLIPS
One fish, two fish, red fish, blue fish;

Knick knack patty whack, give a dog a bone,

two thousand, double zero, party oops, out of time,

my bacon is smelling fine.

Loaded-Lux-vs-Charlie-Clips-hat
Every time you talk, that’s what we hear.

We got a Muslim that eat pork. Allah, the end is near.

Watch how I break this nigga down for half a round

and won’t even let the tec spark.

If y’all saw my battle against Jones, well shit,

y’all know this the round where I stretch marks.

Do you know I actually tied my shoe in a perfect knot

so the world wouldn’t see my sneakers sliding?

And I took a trip to Africa, dug deep

in the earth’s surface but couldn’t reap a diamond?

Oh, he wasn’t being honest.

And Beasley, Smack is not that good at keeping timing.

I know you want him to keep the rhyming to be the giant,

but this the part tonight where David have to beat Goliath.

Listen, Beloved. I’m going back to my Lionz Den days,

the days that made me a beast,

where you watched me break the Roc apart,

felt like a Dame, Chris, maybe a Neef.

Oh they was calling you Jay-Z, unique,

oh but you went from Jay-Z to Bleek in maybe a week,

ironic how them Back-to-Back losses

turned you from a Drake to a Meek.

I saw you on Total Slaughter, it was total slaughter,

oh that wasn’t the way to compete.

Mook smoked through a foot,

but you was the one tasting defeat.

The way you got your ass whipped,

you should’ve sued Eminem, Shady at least

Oh you got a lot of money, that’s the Beauty,

but that’s not what make you a Beast.

See, you turned into a money whore, Beloved.

I could see you on the phone with Beasley now,

like “oh, I’ma do this for the public.

Oh Beasley, put me in the ring

with the boy, Clips, oh, they gon’ love it.

Oh, but I need to know what’s in the budget.

30,000? Ah, that’s just a nugget

You know your boy Loaded need to eat,

I’ma need more chicken just like a bucket.

Oh I’m doing this shit for the love,

I ain’t doing this for the vulture.

I’m doing this for me,

this thing is for the culture.”

Mmm oh my god, stop fucking lying.

“Oh no, I’m serious, like I do this

for my niggas up north full of that jack mack

that’s doing a bid,

for the little ones in Africa

with the flies wrapped around they ribs,

I’m doing this for all you people

that can’t get in the crib,

I’m doing this all for the kids

and that’s the way that it is.”

Mmm oh my god, stop fucking lying.

You battle rap for the money, Beloved,

but just keep it a hundred, that’s why this nigga slipping.

You think we’re in the same field financially?

Okay y’all, this nigga tripping.

Nigga listen, I know we’re black brothers,

both successful, but I’m on a bigger mission.

Roy Rogers and Popeyes:

our skin may look the same, but the chicken different.

Do y’all remember when I turned to Shang Tsung at NOME 5,

and the crowd went crazy, and it even left Hollow a little rattled?

We’ll I’m back with the same powers, but now I got one

where I can turn into niggas that I ain’t even battle.

Another 5’9” nigga with a death wish.

Baking his egg with this toast from the side, who want breakfast?

I slide up on him, three guns, fuck a dead kick.

Everything used on sight(site), that’s Craigslist.

My bitch will chase him down with the pumps,

I guess she desperate.

Y’all came to see Clips get Loaded, I guess that’s Netflix

I still pull that piece like Jenga, let that tec spit

And put his block back in their place, oh now that’s Tetris

You know what’s up with me, Beloved?

If you think this battle’s anywhere close and you’re

watching this, you must be out your motherfucking mind.

I’m a psycho, I ain’t even got it all in my motherfucking mind.

I’ll run up in your mother’s crib with a knife,

like fuck a motherfucking nine.

Put the shit to her wrist

and cut through your mother fucking time.

I dare these niggas to try to celebrate after this,

that’s when we crash the party.

He gon’ be crying “oh, Beloved need another shot,

I want a rematch with Charlie.”

Well I’ll tell you what, if you survive the pump

and it don’t detach your body,

I’ll go in the Arsonal again and make you rematch the Shotty.

Round Three
LOADED LUX
We’re coming down to the wire.

How you help to solve over 30 homicides

and ain’t take not one nigga down with a wire?

I see where you get your talk game from.

Apparently, everybody and your mother

know your pops went out like a sucker, nigga.

Lisa could read, we aren’t deceived.

Fans, y’all knew I would probably pick at this issue,

that wasn’t hard to achieve.

But bet I do it better than every artist you’ve seen.

As smart as he seem, to think to cut off that part of the ring.

We just gon share that half a square

while we wait here, and park up the scene.

‘Cause this the spot, nigga.

Where Rex popped off and didn’t accomplish a thing.

I’m taking shots,

but I’ma stop at every bar in between.

What Hey Arnold got

to Schwarzenegger, strong on the machines,

pull up short

when I come out the rock like Arthur the King.

You’re ‘bout to pop.

I hope you read every comment they leave.

For every man your mother picked to be a father to breed.

We know about Nut. Your little brother Jiggy Josh is a seed.

Let’s give it up,

see this is what the audience need,

‘cause y’all be stuck,

y’all don’t know what Charles to believe,

but I know Chuck,

the one who wears his heart on his sleeves.

That shit was rough. I’m watching you and Hollow,

how low you’re depicting Harlem on screen,

you dissing friends then whispering like y’all was a team

and that was a part of the scheme.

I watched you air out a nigga dirty laundry

to make sure it get cleaned;

that’s the same thing your pops, when he got indicted, tried,

talking like he fighting crime.

Agreement got ripped up

when he tried to tell them “sike, I lied,”

but that’s why he got life inside.

Pardon my steam.

But dad making us look bad, I can’t honor that, king

I don’t know about grandpops. But I know it starts with the genes

And DNA got me wishing

we could lift your Lennox apartment to Queens,

but wait, that’s still New York. Well all that just means

is that the apple doesn’t fall too far from the trees.

You and your punk ass daddy a couple of chatty Patties, nigga.

Acting catty, “meow”

Math was swinging, you was standing there playing caddy.

I thought you was a killer, Charles: Lee Ray.

I thought Chucky wasn’t no joke. He just think he DeRay.

You might be a DJ the way you..

turn on niggas in the jam you’re with.

You switched on Cor and Chambers,

after you let their man get whipped.

Damn it, Clips. I know comedians don’t do candid scripts

And you’re a funny ass acting nigga too,

but that wasn’t no stand up shit, nigga.

That ain’t hard to miss, that’s just Charlie Clips

The two-faced ass nigga

who got the dimples with the Harvey dent.

He get it from his mom and them.

‘Cause you know pops didn’t raise him, you know

She was the gangster on the front line foot first,

this could hurt, and look worse

let’s go back in store, she remember Woolworth.

Jesus was a carpenter, and right now,

this is where he get to coming out the woodworks.

Nigga, you’re ‘bout to get this good work.

I say look, this ain’t even a side bar:

his mother was a side chick.

Tell Lisa Ree, we could read the lease was up on the fine print,

but she needed someone to provide rent.

But why every guy she went to moved around blow?

I’ll tell you. ‘Cause at the time she was chasing that paper,

it wasn’t to put food in any mouths, so

Y’all might be thinking out loud “hoe”.

No, I know his mother, she proud folk.

But money was rolling through that number hole

and she wasn’t about to lose count, so.

After your daddy, she got with your little brother daddy,

and they got wild close.

And P-Nut was up ‘til the peoples picked him up,

and you know, things change when trial close,

and the smiles go. I don’t know, coke or they found dope,

but he wasn’t on track, started running his lips,

putting names in laps, then smacked right into a milestone.

The whole town know, even if the crowd don’t,

that nigga P-Nut told on Alpo.

But look how it come around though.

It’s no wonder why in your raps,

you’re always mentioning the trap, nigga.

‘Cause your mother was into the corner chasing cheese

and ended up with some rats, nigga.

That’s a Snapple top fact.

“The nerve of a nigga,

get a bunch of lies from niggas and try to make it work.

I got sixteen racks, and I’ll give you half of that

if you can provide me with paperwork.”

That’s what you said, right?

I figured that was a ploy to find out where the paperwork is.

Which would’ve been smart, ‘cause you know,

you don’t want that to maybe resurface.

What happens when rehearsing being dangerous

ain’t working, could lead to hearsing?

See, what happens when niggas rapping

get caught faking in their verses?

They say you was nervous, I heard when they contacted you

to pay it, he was playin’ like he ain’t had a paper to purchase.

So let me find out, my nigga.

You ain’t had a paper to purchase?

Don’t mind that, what happened?

It either is or it ain’t that, nigga say that.

So you don’t mind that I brought the homie Faybach.

I figured you could come and give him his eight stacks in person, nigga.

Don’t act like you ain’t got the money neither, nigga.

I know what we made off our purses.

(Get that shit out there, man. Let niggas see what’s happenin’.)

This is street justice and I can prove it.

I want to send a special shout out to

Farris, my man BD, the big homie Lou Simms,

and the rest of those that was on that same case that never told. True friends.

I’m on the phone with Farris, we rapping,

he like “man, if I would’ve only knew then.

But here’s this new den number, 2 8 7 0 0 - 0 5 4”

That’s to Leon in a Tucson federal prison.

If you’re listening, tell them what you’re viewing,

how his son said, “I ain’t seen my pops in over 20 years”

That’s ‘cause the last east coast prison he was in, he got his face blew in.

What you doing, nigga? Using his life for street credibility

Did they open faces and I don't want to open cases,

nigga that ain’t you.

And you do this only when it benefits him.

The other times when he rhymes about that shit,

he’s playing solely the victim.

I know you convinced them,

but I came to expose your wisdom, nigga.

I got a cousin doing 25 years to life for murder,

a daddy who sell dope for a living.

But (stumble)those their commitments,

what that got to do with me?

I sold my weed, I fought all of my own fights.

Oh, moved some coke, I pitched in, that’s just it.

Conscious brother, street nigga,

I’ve been in both positions and know the difference,

enough for holmes who’s listening

to my storyline, I don’t glorify, I report it wise,

told the ending.

CHARLIE CLIPS
They want me to talk about my pops’ case again?

How you told Calicoe when you battled him

that he ain’t have half the batter?

Last time I told Rex, my moms was the gangster in my family,

so the shit about my pops don’t really matter.

See, the problem is, he fucks up y’all mind

Yo on some G shit, I’ve never been a bitch nigga.

All my raps, I’ma get through.

Y’all want to call my pops a rat? Your pops is a snitch, too.

You bitch ass nigga, and you know what, I ain’t lying shit,

I even keep it a hundred.

Your father snitched but he told a psychiatrist.

Oh, you didn’t know that was going on,

but you got a nigga in your section that’s flowing strong.

Tell that nigga shut the fuck up when I’m rapping

if he don’t know what’s going on.

What happened? My father is the snitch?

Why I’m not the one that’s looking mad?

These niggas double team me for what,

just to come up here and talk about my dad?

You pussy, these niggas rob Mook for his coat, not you.

That’s what make me mad.

Look at this nigga acting like a fag.

If it ain’t true, tell them why he met him talking about his dad?

You know what’s funny about this though,

I’ma tell you the rest. His father is a snitch too.

At the end of the day, I’ve never been jumped,

I’ve never been punched in my face or robbed.

He talking about my father,

now y’all want to say boo and scream fuck Clips?

Oh I see what’s going on.

A bunch of y’all is Loaded on Lux dick,

but we gon’ get to the rest of this shit.

My moms and my grandmother was the gangsters in my family,

so I just want y’all to imagine that.

That was a great round you did,

but exposing something about my pops is not battle rap,

but this is:

A certain battle rapper called my phone and said,

“we should double team Lux”

and I laughed like “nigga, say word”

Now y’all know I’m predictable, right?

So guess which battle rapper it was?

The nigga Aye Verb.

The nigga Verb called my phone and said

“what’s up, Charlie? I heard you’re going against Lux,

so I’ma need you to be lyrical.

Borrow my Showtime, bring three rounds if you can.

I don’t want you on stage looking pitiful.

Read the Bible a hundred times,

‘cause that boy known to get biblical.”

And I’m looking at the phone the whole time like

“nigga, what you forgot what I did to you?”

(This is true story.)

Every time I take a battle serious, my opponent dies,

come back to life, and then they try again.

It’s like I’m Ghost Rider, Smack the devil,

he raise their soul, I make ‘em fry again.

You Lux in the spiritual and you Rex in the spiritual.

Charlie-Clips-vs.-Loaded-Lux-lyrics-Charlie
It’s time to die again.

Kylie Jenner, close your eyes, ‘cause I’ma

expose this gay tiger in this lion’s den.

That’s the name of your league, right nigga?

Your baby moms fronted you the money,

you was broke, ain’t have a set price.

You was on a low carb diet,

no wonder you ain’t have your bread right.

Ironic you’re on URL bragging,

but your league couldn’t afford a website.

You wasn’t even gonna drop my footage,

I would’ve never came out if it wasn’t for Head Ice.

But I can’t salute Ice just yet,

that’s my homie but that nigga there is deceiving.

They’re both on Eighth, that mean they’re liars,

that’s why nobody believe ‘em.

What you coming at Ice for?

‘Cause he dissed me in a interview for no reason.

So why show Wolf love

if Love left the Wolves for Cleveland?

Charlie Clips being pussy? C’mon y’all, imagine that.

You broke down my father past,

but what the fuck does that got to do with battle rap?

You know what, let me get back to this,

‘cause truth be told, I still fuck with Ice

He set Lux up for me like “kill ‘em Beloved,

you’re too fucking nice.”

You wore that Money Mitch outfit against Mook.

At first, I was confused, it had me fucking tight.

But now I remembered in Paid In Full,

Money Mitch was set up by Uncle Ice.

You see how God put this together, Beloved,

‘cause ever since Lionz Den,

you prepared like you ain’t hear the kid.

Your side bitch pregnant, your wifey home,

translation: that means you fear the kid.

You watched me try angles on Roc,

that’s a pyramid.

You slept on me and woke up in a funeral,

we’re in Phara crib.

Hollow broke this nigga’s style down.

I can’t lie, the nigga Mook amaze me.

They both broke down how you say a bunch of nothing.

But y’all be going super crazy.

It’s like the building look good on the outside,

but the inside is nasty because the super lazy.

Russell Wilson, let’s say I see errors in your future, baby.

And I’ma break one down for y’all,

‘cause the nigga AZ got a song featuring Nas.

And the song is called “Everything Is Everything”,

and what do y’all know to my surprise

The nigga Nas said a line, he said

“death before dishonor, that’s something we should practice,

And don’t play with love ‘cause love is evil spelled backwards.”

Wait a goddamn minute, Beloved, you turn love into live

and incorporated that in your schemes

so they could scream; you went to sleep listening to Nas,

woke up and stole his dream?

You got a picture with AZ on your Instagram,

be a fan, not a fiend

Look at me king,

stop stealing all your best lyrics from out of Queens.

This is exactly what I mean, “is it evil to live backwards”,

I don’t know, but that shit was flame, my nigga.

But love, live, life back-, that shit is all the same, my nigga

You want to go backwards? I got y’all.

No lie, Hitman, I remember them

cold nights that I was blessed.

Two Eagles, thinking about putting these

Deserts in his mouth ‘cause I was stressed.

I said I want to show him where this Beretta is,

peep how I dog God and his relatives

Putting them in Hell in the same place that the devil lived.

For anybody in the crowd that go to church,

I apologize for saying the word “devil”.

But no matter how you flip the shit,

this nigga is not on my level.

I ain’t nothing backwards about Charlie,

especially the way that I grip up.

He’s my student, and

I got to help my pupils when they slip up.

I got the mind of a Martin Luther,

look at me king, you should be proud of me.

And I shall overcome

on your girl lips while she’s mouthing me.

I had a dream that

all these people in the front row was coming out for me.

And how ironic,

they’re watching me lose my mind from the balcony.