Round 1
SOUL
Let's get one thing clear boy, you don't deserve to be the champ of Britain

But I'm gonna give you the beating you deserve… since they gave you the battle that you didn't

But if you think you deserve this, here's some stuff to consider

Look at the facts, you're 2012's runt of the litter

You lost to Ogmios, Bam, and and weren't judged against Chilla

In fact… the last solo battle you won was… Enigma?!!?

Bruv while you went 0-2, I went 6-0, you shouldn't be allowed on stage

You get killed at home, I been winning in Canada, and now the States!

Eurgh, you should have your head down ashamed

Cause you gave a title shot, to a guy, who ain't won a battle in over 1,000 days

Let me put that into perspective, for those who are gassed

You haven't won a battle since Tone was the champ

You haven't won a battle since Osh was the champ

Bruv! You haven't won since before I was banned!

You're not champion level, might as well just hand me the medal

Pin it on me like we amateur wrestle cause right now,

You in the woods with a bag full of pretzels

And handing out bread'll get him shown up every which way like… Hansel and Gretel

You can't handle this level, while I battled the best, and traveled for several

Canada's vets'll Atlanta for Ness and Africa's next'll, happily shell you

For thinking that you are special

Get his head wrapped and his boat rocked like Somalian rebels

He starry eye'd, turn his glasses to bezels, a cat in the kennel

Done being a joker, bruv, I'm bout to snap with the pencil

I pull rank I'm general…

Think my sons gonna win?

Betty Wilma kids playing like Bam Bam and Pebbles

The standard I set'll, be where the battle standard gets settled

Since set the standard it's been your standard to settle

Well I'm gonna throw on one of your wack instrumentals, and skank in your temple

Cause you been walking with god… and now you're stuck here in a dance with the devil

B-b-b-bully who? You think I'm actually shook of you

End it, your life time battle record is 2-2

And it's funny, that your life time battle record is 2-2

Cause you ain't won a battle in 3 years that's not a 2 on 2

I've proved myself… by myself… I'm the man in the promotion

But watch his bars crumble at the top... for relying on crackers to support him

You got a third rate work rate, look at the ink that the guys used

I got more ink in my passport than marks poured in his rhymebook

So this ode to you ain't owed to you, last title match even tony knew

Really, they should have traded Dialect vs. Soul for you

You only got the shot, cause DF base the league out of London

You think you'd get the shot, if it was based out of Leeds then you're buggin

You think you'd get the shot, if the champ was Tony D, then you're bunnin

You think you'd get the shot, if they hadn't already set up you vs. me then you're struggling

To see what they've done and the reasons they've done it

Now ask those same questions to me, and you can see what is coming

You are surplus to requirements, this title match is me vs. someone

And don't give me that "You don't make music shit", I won't press any songs

Reason being... I don't waste energy on things there's no equity from

Cause when you're from Fife… fuck artistry, just worry about getting dough

Lochgelly's own, check the polls, 9,000 men that don't have any hope

I seen 3 Q's as a kid, I wasn't selling dope

The only queue's we've ever known! Pension, dole and methodone

In my teens, the high street was boarded up abandoned buildin's

What used to be the institute, overrun by rats and pigeons

Lowest house prices in the U.K. thanks to Thatcher's Britain

So don't chat your shit, like London's the only place the working classes live in

Smack addiction got them on that 40 milligrams in liquid

At the clinic looking like Anakin when his hand is missing

Now do think that Razer in my hand bar was fact or fiction

And I'm not glorifying anything, that shit was a bad decision

Now you say you don't glorify it, but look at what he has been spitting

He's a hypocrit, it's about straps they're gripping, and the man they're killing

And all they wanna do is ride… well I'm a Mustang Sally driven

Advocate of pacifism, stop rappin bout your "mandem pitchin"

Cause I don't talk advocate that lifestyle… even if it's that or prison

I'm only mentioning it now to tell you pack it in cause they can't distinguish

But don't tell me I couldn't walk a mile in Stanley's boots how the man was living

When I used to have to walk around with a Stanley in them

CEE MAJOR
I’ll have you unsure of the shores that you’re searching for

Was testing that thunder in your stomach really worth the storm?

The curtains draw while this bitch gets wrapped, like Persian broads

Come at Cee (Sea) get fucked up in every way possible, that’s Murphy’s Law

I’m certain, sure you are not closely prepared

It’s summer time… so I’m on my Spanish shit again. So if I say I’m son (sun) him I’ma leave Soul(Sol) in the air

Your fanbase? Miniscule. But don’t be surprised they’re not opening ears

You made a career battling nobodies… that’s why nobody cares

Give it a rest

Oh, but you battled Ness in Atlanta and he's considered a vet?

And you a hit on the net?

This ain’t the 90s nobody gives a fuck about Mitchell and Ness

You’re on the big cards, but guarantee the no-namers get this guy

You battled a dude called Pigsty…

Before I battle someone with that name you’ll see pigs fly

I used to look up in amazement at this guy, now I’m just looking down, in amazement, like…

This guy

You lost my ratings at a rate I can’t describe

It’s like you’re playing the antagonist from the Hannibal flick, because you lost face to that pig sty

So you’re on a new flight every week? Battling out of country, living the life of your dreams

I get it, you’re getting busy on the grind for your team

But that’s Canary Wharf shit, because you stay getting busy, but you’re still light at your peak (you still light at your peak)

You a rider then? Please. You dope then J?

So I’m gonna size him up just to cut him down, like an O of yay

Spiritual being, but don’t consider me and Soul the same

All the references from Soul are plain, these punches will have him travelling through Solar planes

Soul was taking shots, but see it’s souls we take, we lower graves

If Soul’s a name, this? Sosa’s aim I’m taking over Tony’s place.

They say "those that mind don’t matter and those that matter don’t mind"

They say you deserved the title since your battle with Matter.

Now that doesn’t matter, that’s mine.

It’s that time, he dies before I even got to land mine

Cardiac (Cardiak) shit, before I dropped this beating (Beat in) you heard the flat line

If it’s drama school him. Drama school shit, we put a mark down if he don’t act right

They said get the boy with the Death Note, I said ‘That’s Light’

Your name’s Jed ‘Mitchell’, Well it doesn’t matter where your fam’s tied

I’ll run up on your family tree and open up a branch like a franchise

He’s been letting the fame get to his head, he better hang tight

Before Cee makes him capsize, just to reduce his cap size

You’re the best rapper in your hood, but where you from fam? Fife

Fuck you and your bagpipes, with my hands tied I could run through your city like a tramline

Fuck being PC, I’d rather say ‘I’ll let the metal connect like a flashdrive’

Because I’ve been making movements from the groundwork, this is about to be a landslide.

I’m a certified killer, you can check the portfolio,

Homie know I break a body down like Polio.

But seeing as it’s bait enough for them to quote it

I’m gonna make a quick amendment to the old script.

I’m certified, kill him on cam, we don’t need the portfolio shit

I’m back in all types of ways, that’s Scoliosis

Homie know this, I’ll kill a rapper in a moment’s notice

Soul is bogus, as soon as you talk arms, I can see you’re a target, Stoney clothing

I’ll make Soul fly, Holy Ghost shit, the second I dig this hole, he’s ghosting

My cornucopias boasting, while you on the net like Kournikova, posing

So I’ll roll up with a couple Codies and decode his whole shit

Like ‘what you testing Cee for (C4) you know the kid is so explosive’

Plus you look like an Oxfam ad with your shoulders bulging

Brother, you put the ‘fam’ in famine, I don’t condone this

You need to stop ’eating rappers’ and eat a meal, but Soul you know this

You only called Soul, because this ain’t enough body to hold a Soul in.

Jed Mitchell… I could deadlift you

With these bars, I’ll lay him flat, just to lift him up, let’s get technical.

Round 2
SOUL
Let's get one thing clear boy… you don't deserve to be the champ of Britain

The style you use… I manuscripted you're just another man that bit it

But since my old style is the one Cee is gonna use tonight

Figure I might as well show him how to do it right

That style was one failed experiment, I gave this monster life with

So this the scene Dr Jekyll bodies Hyde in

I'll keep it simple… Get the off my dick and stop the biting!

I will pen circles around C... cause he copy writing

Bruv you even bite religions… remember when you were in mass?

But gave his crucifix back, now the Muslims his fam

The same faith that turn Cat Stephens to Yusuf Islam

He went from peace train, to Fatwas, so what's the use of Islam?

And I'm not even gonna front like I read the Qu'ran mate

But you said yourself, you'd never have that separatist part played

But said you're colder than ISIS… they'd send him back our way

They've got 2 eyes you can't use, and 2 s's you cant say

He's on an attitude era World Wrestling Federation flex

Cause you're a Christian that fakes violence, just so you can gain an edge

But how I'm killing these 2012 dudes, he shoulda stayed with Jessie James instead

Cause you don't pac, gunn's, on road dogg, I'll have the whole of D Generation X'ed

If he running with the blades instead, I'll ether my clones

This a seed that I've grown, and now it's time to reap what I sewn

I just had leoned a weekend ago

So I'll put an end to Cee era, blood I'm in a league of my own!

I been in this though… a 3 60's writers like Tinchy Strider

Before URL turned everyone into Twitter hypers

Cause the kid's a liar so if he spitting fire while his flints expired

You just using that red dot to gas them up like a clipper lighter

You're a bitch attire, should showed up in a partly cropped army top

You been backed into a corner by more teenagers than Lara Croft

It's just bars he drops, think he just phone a friend, I'll be found bleeding

Well let's ask the audience… you think he got people in the crowd squeezing

I'll split I'm like 50/50… they're like wait… is this clown scheming?

Chris Tarrant quiz faggot, I'll give major the coffin without cheating

That's the 4 bar set up style I used to use, that you would use in 2 on 2's

But now I feel like cooking you sooo

Your pen game less dope my pen game Death Note, let's go

I can't bail out tonight, like death row...

He got a 4:4 it's a tempo

I'll hold down Cee, so the 1st 2nd and 3rd, I'll make him fret those

I start dead slow, and end dope, but you bout to get both

Barrels from the whistle like Omar in the trench coat

Head stoved, neck bone, exposed, legs broke

You'll get a feature on your medical record… by Necro

I got gas in store… like Esso's at Tesco

To shake him up, then explode like Mentos in fresh Coke

You G aye, you're GI, Destro, against Joe

Lace him up over that hard front like some shelltoes

Read him while I'm training to work… he's like the metro

This is violin, organ, bass, tubas and cellos

In the pit going out with a bang, when I wave elbows

So watch… I'll turn one Cee Major to a crescendo

CEE MAJOR
I grew up in the East side, where we grew up idolizing that Ghetts off Risky Roadz

Now I’m on the stage and he’s in the crowd – salute king – I guess that means me and Ghettz are switching roles

Because they gave Freedom of Speech to a Rebel With A Cause – causing deadly metaphors

These words? A Ghetto Gospel… Noah in the Old Testament, this Cee’s killed many men before

This a connect call with Flex, they put Digits on the line

Now you’re living for a sport, your life can finish on a line

It never matters the victim they assign, I’ve been on it from a cub, I’m grown now I’ll kill him for the Pride

Breaking bread with my killers it’s time for dinner then we dine, we need dinner then you dyin’

They put the footage on loop like I did it for the Vine

Don’t ever get it twisted, raise your fist up and get hype

That’s Bikram yoga, because it gets heated then you’re in a difficult position for the night.

So, Soul how does it feel to be so-so

No, Soul you need to find a name that fits, you’re an atheist stop tryna take the piss you have no soul.

And your girl's name’s Shabnam Azad

I’m sorry… but I’ve never heard a name as bad as that

Long distance, so your sex life is ‘space bar, space bar, enter, backslash…. Hashtag’

Cyber boy I wonder how many real men Shabnam Azad(as had)

Isn’t this a bitch, you’re catching the burn from that yellow thing like Piccadilly dip

‘cos while Mr. Mitchell’s in the bits, searching for a figure just to figure out what intimacy is

His girls kicking it with them French players, like Ibrahimovic

Wa’um star? We can go arm for arm and it’s not Krav Maga

But hype cos I dissed your little Indian, God you’ll need more arms to start

Before that red dot’s at your temple like the Taj Mahal

So you don’t wanna rival Major, I’m the boss, Oh (on) this stage here? That’s final player

I’m making noise off these lines, like a vinyl player

But they ain’t wanted to hear a Soul sound since Motown made vinyl, player

So how can you place him in a bigger league?

From the weigh-in I knew I was gonna weigh him in I’m with it, b

Don’t even have to go out of my way to kill him lyrically

On my gospel singer shit… I put faith in this ability

And man know the world view I hold’s religious

So if we’re talking Bodying (Body and) Soul, the concept’s so intrinsic

But I can switch it and have son solar eclipsed.

If I show you how I got this down to a science, Soul don’t exist

Because I’m unparalleled, our paths can’t coincide

It’s lonely at the top. I look around there ain’t a Soul in sight

But lemme give Soul insight. I’m here to take the title and do you damage

I’m killing two birds with one stone, I’m a frugal Arab.

On my first time buyer, this is practice holmes (homes)

I’ve been sharpening my tools like a blacksmith and I’ve got more than enough spirit to be a match for soul

You match fit? So! I’m doing more than well.

You’ll end up kicking the bucket tryna catch this flow.

But no lie, workrate wise I can’t fuck with Soul

You did 35 battles… last month alone

But I fly the box office, I define a hot topic, hence why I did one battle last year… and got a title shot off it.

I ain’t even in my hay day Soul

And I’ve recouped more interest than a payday loan.

‘cos I just drop some Fire in the Booth and kick back on some sloth (Charlie) shit

You? The man they see working. Me? The man they stay watching

But if clashin’s the topic

As long as you’re ready to take that ‘L’ and give me the cash in (C*ash in’) I’m on it

I get busy ‘til my blade’s brown (Blade Brown) I’m ‘bout to bag him and box him (Bags and Boxes mixtape)

Because, Yes we the realness…. Nah Je Suis (‘’Je suis Charlie Hebdo’’) the realness,

See how calling me out ends up bad for you comics

So how do you think he’s the truth, he moves how an idiot moves

This sucker, sucker punched Caustic, then had to sprint from the room

But the fact you didn’t knock man down exposed your lineage too

Because you’re moving like a duchess… just a bitch with them dukes.

So if it’s bar then it’s bars let’s keep it at that

Because you’d be seeing a death (deaf) sentence if I’ve got to speak with my hands (sign language)

I’ll knock Jed out, for real

Drake shit, If You’re Reading This It’s Too Late shit

Because he see these (CD’s) drop, then he’s looking for a clause just to get out the deal

So they’re gonna have to phone the papers when this man gets smoked to vapors

On reflection, I don’t wanna hear nothing, anechoic chambers

Because I’m good in my hometown, but Gotham shit I’m gonna kill him with a next city

I’ll make you hop along like Cobblepot if you try and get fresh with me

I’ve got some cronies like Don Maroney… flex with me

I’m Harvey Dent palming pence, because no matter how you flip it there’ll always be heads with me

Jed today you tempted fate

You’re center stage with Hemmingway

This? Em and Jay on Renegade

Fuck an outcome, when this comes out, we’re both legend status anyway

He’s mentioned he’s a fan of mine, can’t talk like I ain’t said the same

But you’re in front of a fanatic with his weapon aimed, you can go the Lennon way

So remember the name, I’m on my Henry the 8th

I’ll rip a rappers head off, I’m just waiting for my severance pay

Lemme explain. I’m a Barbarian, these bars? ‘bout to bury the game

I’m at a point where they check for my name, you? Dying after a checkpoint

I’m just setting the levels again

You rappers’ all bitch made, getting wet for the fame

You’re in your Lelli Kellys tryna step in the rain

Rappers I’ve sonned, sonned rappers that’ve sonned rappers, my shit pops on a grand scale,

You best accept that I’m great.

Round 3
SOUL
Let's get one thing clear boy… you don't deserve to be the champ of Britain

They we can write as good as each other… lemme tell you some stuff this man has written

You battled Sniper E and pretended his name was Jim for the 3rd round

So you could do a 16 bar assosciative wordplay scheme on exercise… and tell them the battle wouldn't "work out"

Wait… and you think that we're the same… there's more quotes I'd mention

But it's embarrassing… cause that means you think Soul might've said

No… I edit

That round was more like a yoga class… you came dressed to exercise and spent the whole time stretching

But he said that… and he meant that

Cause he wrote that, and then read that

If that's the calibre of rapper that challenge to be the next champ

Tony shouldn't have thrown it away… he should have kept that

And in that same battle you saying you let the lead blam

You like hammers? West Ham, fight rappers, Def Jam,

So who's more real, the faggot in the sweatband

Or the dude who's willing to throw a punch and get banned

I can't make tracks like them man, but you can't clash like Jed can

So lucky for me, this ain't a drops or a web ham

It's right between your eyes, GSP with the headband

Blood everywhere turn the 7D to a Red cam

They wanna talk about his crop bringin bars to the scene

But I was there 2 years before tryna carve out that niche

Now you're part of it Cee, my marketing scheme

That got Major promoted… now the star gets fatigued I'm sergeant and chief

Now you're pardoning me? pardoning me

Be your part in the scene, is owed, part in to me, departing from me

So try parring with me, split my wig, that's a parting to me

A fake front but it sounds good, you're Dolly Parton to me

But I'm proud cause I gardened this seed, put bark this tree

Still you shouldn't bark up this tree, cause you try bite, but you aren't what you eat

I wore my heart on my sleeve, and watched my arteries bleed

So artists like Cee could come and take part in the league

If it wasn't for all my losses, you'd find it hard to succeed

This the spartan regime, in the arms of defeat, when the archers release

Act a god and get scarred for your cheek

Either 'I bury or move to M or it's over like Arsenal's team

I was here before Don't Flop Extra and the Demo Channel

Before the camera team, was Bam and Zeek and Fred and Bagnall

Back when Patty Boi's iPhone was the second angle

Back before you got bread to battle… back when you wouldn't even get your travel

You're from the 2012 killer crop...2012 killer crop?

Oh you mean 2012 only here cause of Mark Grist and Blizzard crop?

You mean 2012 driven on the road that we built you crop?

You mean 2012 bandwagon spitting cause the hits it got?

Bicker lots on Twitter crop, reason vets were quitting crop,

Cringy crop, whingy crop, seemed sick if you didn't flop

Cause you only had to compete with callumBOOM, eek, and Gibbo crop

About a killer crop, are you kidding dog? Some fucking nuclear winter crop

Cause like 4 of you herbs made it the rest of you fucking withered off

You stand out cause you've got a couple leaves in a crop of twigs and stalks

I'm that first event they did with Scots, here from the beginning crop

That's Chris and Tom, Gizmo, Kong, Deffinition, Don Silk and Shots, Scizzahz, Chron, Mr Wrong and Digits dog,

That's the difference, cause you think you're a vet I think I'm not

Just cause you can put people under you, like Micky, Locksmith and Dotz

And then they can put people under them, like Willzy, Shox, Twisted, Tox

And they can put people under them like, Dillon, Rob Wilson, Flawless and FOS

You on a high horse I'll kick you off… People ask why I'm humble, it's because

People could do the same to me... Like Piff and Hom

And people could do the same to them... Like Stig and Prof

And people could do the same to them... Jin and Swan

All the way back to fucking Kool Moe Dee at house parties in the Bronx

It's like you give them props, if they're hot, then sit and watch, them flip and flop

Like your disc I copped, Humble Beginnings stop, then they're the biggest shot

So this is where the killer crops, ego tripping stops

When I leave Cee red when I split his top he'll ditch the mosque for a synagogue

What you think this bar heavy, joke light, scene raised itself?

You think he seen Blizz and Grist go viral, then he came to help?

You think I'll let this bandwagon jumping, style biter, Cee claim the belt?

Then I got 2 words for all of you… Behave yourself…

CEE MAJOR
When he was in Canada this man got braggadocios

He said – and I quote this

"Fuck being Don’t Flop’s poster boy I’m captain of my own ship"

Now you’re back to get new highs by dragging on an old spliff

Because now you’re on them Don’t Flop posters, boy this man done had his tone switched

Before Tone dipped you were screaming "I don’t have to rep a league I move transcendentally"

Then you changed your tune

So the deal you and Organik made fell through and you’re back to beg it? Please

This man’s pathetic, if you’re not gonna rep a league, tell me what kind of champ that Jed can be

Let’s address how what you say and what you do just doesn’t match up

They say you the man with the words, but if you ain’t a man of your word

Then it’s all chat, cuz

Obviously you wanna be the champ, but

You say you don’t wanna represent a league?

Listed, that’s what a champ does

That’s why before this I was boys with Jed, so I’ve gotta destroy a friend

Because when there’s a virus in the system sometimes you’ve gotta cut off your own arm before the poison spreads

I’m on my star of David, every angle’s on point for them

I might scramble your brains like Freudian tests

When it’s grind time, I’m poised and penning a verse with a poison pen

And in Don’t Flop they saw us both grow from boys to men

But you’re on your Benjamin Button, you had to grow to this stage just to get boyed again

Like, how do you disrespect the company and get a title shot like they’re just giving it up

Doesn’t that pose one question? "Whose dick did he suck?"

‘cos this can’t be the type of fool that this brand serves

Then I guess it’s time for a revolution on the brand work

You’re overly emotional, you’re a battle rapper you’ve got a damn nerve

You’re getting drawn out for that heart on your sleeve like tat work

Because when this battle got announced, I had a death in the family

Last thing on my mind was Jed and the rap scene

So I grieved, felt depressed for a second then actually

I got to penning your funeral, you could never get at me

Because I’m a business man, so it’s fuck how I’m feeling and business as usual

Plus, they’re putting chips up, so if I chip chunks out of cuz then I can chip in for the funeral

But here’s where me and Soul stay different

Because when his dog died… Soul played victim

Cancelled his battle with Arkaic and had everyone asking if shit was okay with him

You’re weak… I ain’t okay with this

It’s time you drop Pesci’s style, adopt Cobain’s writtens

Take that Death Note of yours and jot your own name in it,

Because Soul’s ‘bout to get a whole new beating, I’m ‘bout to go crate digging.

And I’m sorry if you lot feel like I’m wrong for this angle

But you said depression helps you in battle rap? Not in this battle

Because If I say I’m ‘bout to top myself I brought lines to match my best shit

If he says he’s ‘bout to top himself I’m dialing paramedics

And if I’m talking dope, I mean I am that guy

If they’re talking dopamine, you lack that, right?

And I ain’t a Sadist I don’t say this for no reason

But depression runs your life, down to the cadence that you speak in

Talking like you believe you’re the greatest it’s deceiving

It’s degrading to the scene, your senior status is decreasing

Your life is defaced by depression this ain’t the face to rep the league with

Plus he’s moving sketchy when he claims to pledge allegiance

Now they know you in Canada, but do you think having a name is an achievement?

You’re in the pool with the big fish, round here being bait just gets you eaten

I’m on my predator shit

I’m a shark in the water, me and Soul (Sole) a whole different kettle of fish

You won’t make an impact with Cee, unless you allow your depression to win

And dive head first off the edge of a cliff

You lonely, depressed emotional wreck

Passive aggressive, manic depressive

Losing the company money because he can’t keep his emotions in check (cheque)

So how do you plan to sell a brand to the world

When a depressed little bitch is how he’s branding himself

While all of us hungry spitters are sat on the shelf

You lot are throwing him the rope… and he’s hanging himself

So as far as I’m concerned, Jed can get the belt

And you can have a champ tryna represent the league, that can’t even represent himself